MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Angus from NightCafe <angus@nightcafe.studio>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sat, 01 Mar 2025 12:51:37 -0600
Subject: ✨ Newly Released AI Models
Message-ID: <0.0.0.6EB.1DB8ADAFF9F1A18.0@s2.csa2.acemsb3.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_=_swift-1042681467c3573a13ec73.14914470_=_"

https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv1Y2oidA~jvY0XXLKlaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

✨ PRO Feature:

**DALL·E 3, GOOGLE IMAGEN, FLUX**

**Easily translate your ideas into exceptionally accurate images**.

Access the latest and most powerful text to image models as they're released. 

**Exclusive to**

https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv1Y2oidA~jvY0XXLMlaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

EXPLORE NIGHTCAFE PRO https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv1Y2oidA~jvY0XXLMlaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo

**ADVANCED FINE-TUNING**

**Develop your unique art style.** Take your favourite creations and use them to fine-tune your very own custom AI model.

**COMMUNITY MODELS**

**Tap into the massive talent of the NightCafe Community.** Discover the most popular models to take your creations to the next level.

**CREATIVE UPSCALING**

**Upscale and
enhance images with AI.** A best-in-class upscaler that not only increases the resolution of your images, but also adds new details that weren't there before.

**ANIMATED CREATIONS**

**Turn any creation into a video with just a few clicks.** Turn any creation into a3-second long video. No prompting required

**!**

**NO MORE ADS**

**Get rid of them! **Become a NightCafe contributor and create without interruptions.

**SAVE CREDITS**

**Rainy days with AI artists.**Create and compete without limits, with rolling monthly credit renewals that never expire.

**CREATE YOUR OWN MODELS**

**Fine-tuning is PRO only.** Harness the power of Stable Diffusion to develop your own unique art style.

**EXCLUSIVE MODEL ACCESS**

**Built-for-purpose community models as well as the latest releases such as DALLE-3**

**BEST VALUE**

**20% more value with PRO** compared to buying credit packs.

**CANCEL ANYTIME**

**No lock-ins, No commitments.**Pause, delay, cancel. Easily manage your
subscription in-app.

**AND SO MUCH MORE...**

**Exclusive PRO badge, tip others with credits, advanced search features, and so much more...**

  STARTING AT $5.99 / MONTH  

**(or just $4.79 / month billed quarterly)**

JOIN NIGHTCAFE PRO https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv1Y2oidA~jvY0XXLMlaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo

LEARN MORE https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv1Y2oidA~jvY0XXLMlaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo

UNSUBSCRIBE https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/proc.php?nl=1&c=541&m=821&s=2ebd57b3b9c0ee6ed08fc78fd86e36f5&act=unsub&runid=200589678

NightCafe Studio Pty Ltd
Suite #1030
156 Boundary St
West End QLD 4101
Australia