MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Angus from NightCafe <angus@nightcafe.studio>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 15 Jan 2025 10:15:43 -0600
Subject: ✨ Get More Credits with NightCafe PRO
Message-ID: <0.1.7.FC0.1DB67696CD6C5DA.0@s2.csa2.acemsb3.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_=_swift-18465141936787df2fccb8d0.33528663_=_"

Animations. Disable ads. Custom models. And so much more...  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ 

**✨ Out of Credits?**

**Unlock massive value and keep creating with**

https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv142oidI~jvY0XXTElaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

EXPLORE NIGHTCAFE PRO https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv142oidI~jvY0XXTElaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

**BEST VALUE**

**20% more value with PRO** compared to buying credit packs.

**NO MORE ADS**

**Get rid of them! **Become a NightCafe contributor and create without interruptions.

**SAVE CREDITS**

**Create and compete without limits**, with rolling monthly credit renewals that never expire.

**CANCEL ANYTIME**

**No lock-ins, No commitments.**Pause, delay, cancel. Easily manage your subscription in-app.

**CREATE YOUR OWN MODELS**

**Fine-tuning is PRO only.** Harness the power of Stable Diffusion to develop your own unique art style.

**EXCLUSIVE MODELS**

Built-for-purpose community models as well as 

**the latest releases such as DALLE-3**

  STARTING AT $5.99 / MONTH  

**(or just $4.79 / month billed quarterly)**

JOIN NIGHTCAFE PRO https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv142oidI~jvY0XXTElaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

LEARN MORE https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv142oidI~jvY0XXTElaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

**Plus, access exclusive PRO features:**

**ANIMATED CREATIONS**

**Turn any creation into a video with just a few clicks.** Use stable video diffusion to turn any creation into a 3-second long video. No prompting required

**!**

**CREATIVE UPSCALING**

**Upscale and enhance images with AI.** A best-in-class upscaler that not only increases the resolution of your images, but also adds new details that weren't there before.

**ADVANCED FINE-TUNING**

**Develop your unique art style.** Take your favourite creations and use them to fine-tune your very own custom AI model.

**COMMUNITY MODELS**

**Tap into the massive talent of the NightCafe Community.** Discover the most popular models to take your creations to the next level.

**AND SO MUCH MORE...**

**Exclusive PRO badge, tip others with credits, advanced search features, and so much more...**

JOIN NIGHTCAFE PRO https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv142oidI~jvY0XXTElaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

LEARN MORE https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/lt.php?x=3TZy~GDFVqLN65Oryw1OguCgAXJVv_92w~g2Z8c5KXbO5XKvzUy.zeVv142oidI~jvY0XXTElaPcF8DyydtFVOh02nMo 

UNSUBSCRIBE https://nightcafe.emlnk9.com/proc.php?nl=1&c=543&m=823&s=2ebd57b3b9c0ee6ed08fc78fd86e36f5&act=unsub&runid=200589678

NightCafe Studio Pty Ltd
Suite #1030
156 Boundary St
West End QLD 4101
Australia