MIME-Version: 1.0
From: "Amazon Web Services, Inc." <no-reply-aws@amazon.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sat, 07 Sep 2024 12:05:04 +0000
Subject: Your AWS CloudShell data is scheduled for deletion on September 17, 2024 [AWS Account: 381492281840]
Message-ID: <01000191cc5f9e69-88320b4a-94b1-44f5-bfc3-53e52b91813e-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"

Hello,

Some users of this account have not used AWS CloudShell for over 110 days in the eu-north-1 Region. On September 17, 2024 we are scheduled to delete the CloudShell home directory and data of inactive users in the eu-north-1 Region.

Important: You can see the list of affected users under the Affected Resources tab in your AWS Health Dashboard [1]. To stop this deletion, users that are listed in the Affected Resources tab need to launch CloudShell [2] in the eu-north-1 Region.

AWS CloudShell offers a separate home directory per AWS Region, so the deletion of the home directory will occur only in the AWS Region that hasn’t been used for your CloudShell sessions in over 120 days. If you regularly use CloudShell in other AWS Regions, those separate home directories will not be affected.

Please note that this notification will persist until September 17, 2024, even if the aforementioned steps are completed.

For more information on persistent storage in AWS CloudShell, see Persistent Storage [3]. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact AWS Premium Support [4].

References:
[1] https://phd.aws.amazon.com/phd/home?region=eu-north-1#/account/dashboard/scheduled-changes
[2] https://eu-north-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudshell/home?region=eu-north-1#
[3] https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudshell/latest/userguide/limits.html#persistent-storage-limitations
[4] https://aws.amazon.com/support

Sincerely,
Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon.com is a registered trademark of Amazon.com, Inc. This message was produced and distributed by Amazon Web Services Inc., 410 Terry Ave. North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210.
