MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Ian Nuttall <email@ian.is>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 20 Aug 2025 04:45:02 +0000
Subject: You can build anything
Message-ID: <01000198c5cb7519-a4ed8750-7372-4fd0-83bf-ea89590c51bd-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_113671_624243226.1755665102105"

When AI gives you the ability to build pretty much any product you want (within reason) what do you build?

[My honest tweet](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1955329993921245464) about just that—struggling to find a passion project to work on—got almost 600,000 views. 

(before you ask, I added those emdashes MANUALLY)

Most replies were something to the effect of "I almost have too many ideas", but they missed the point I was trying to make.

**Speaking of replies, if you could mark email@ian.is as not spam, move to primary inbox and reply to this email it would really help me to make sure these emails get to you!**

I have lots of little side project ideas and ideas for cool prototypes or things that would be useful. The problem is building something that I am fiercely passionate about and can work on for a long time.

I love Claude Code and I love Cursor. These tools blow my mind every day by turning my thoughts and ideas into working code (often after a lot of iteration!).

Right now, that is my passion. Learning and exploring these tools. But unless I fully jump on the X hype + sponsorship hamster wheel, it's not reliable enough as an income source.

My current list of ideas based on problems I have myself:

1. **Lovable for MCP servers**: simple AI chatbot that lets you build and deploy MCPs to Cloudflare with no code needed
2. **Claude Code desktop app**: spin up agents in parallel, hook into Github and external tools like Linear and Sentry, add proper checkpoints and context monitoring. TLDR; make Claude Code more accessible to those who have never used the command line.
3. **Website change monitor**: I already do this for Claude Code and Cursor changelogs, but used to pay for Visualping to monitor and notify me when things change on a page. An AI powered summary of changes would be a cool feature, but would people pay for it?
4. **Sell my Amazon SES email tool**: I built the app that I use to send these emails to you at a cost of $1 per 10,000 emails. I'd need to build a frontend and user auth, but I could potentially sell this as a cheaper alternative to Kit, beehiiv, etc.
5. **Allow sponsors for this newsletter**: I just saw that Ben's Bites makes $400k a year from sponsorships. I have significantly less subscribers than Ben, but I get a lot of companies wanting to sponsor my social media. Maybe this is a way to offer simple link-based sponsorships like Ben does without feeling like it would bias my content on social?
6. **AI software agents**: I've built a few agents for myself (and it's very easy to do with the Claude Code SDK) to create docs like PRDs, task lists, and bug finder bots. It's likely others would find these pretty useful too - but are they enough to charge for?

The other option is to find a small dev tool making &lt;$1k MRR to acquire. If you have something like that, let me know if you wanna chat ;)

Here are the highlights from the last week.

## Ian's post recap

- **Opus Plan mode in Claude Code**. A great way to get the most out of your subscription is to use this new mode from the /model slash menu. It uses Opus 4.1 to plan your project tasks, and switches to Sonnet 4 to implement. ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1955334238011642263))
- **Build demo videos with Claude.** Using Claude, I built a fake IDE specifically for creating a demo video that looks like it's Cursor. ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1955604015401853089))
- **Claude Code now has an Output Styles feature. I** found this before it was documented, but you can control the output style of Claude Code using @⁠agent-output-style-setup ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1955750903623114757))
- **Sending commands to the background in Claude Code.** They added Ctrl+b to send commands to the background, but you can do it automatically  by setting `export FORCE_AUTO_BACKGROUND_TASKS=1` in your .bashrc/.zshrc ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1954879228031443077))

## Useful tools + reading

- **Sonnet 4 with 1M token context**. Claude Code now supports massive context window with Sonnet 4. Currently this only works using an API key but hopefully it will come to Pro and Max plans soon.  ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1955331879441215810))
- **Output styles and plugins**. Claude Code update adds output style controls and a new /plugin command for GitHub repos (which doesn't seem to work yet) ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1956039242917753188))
- **Tamagotchi for Claude Code**. Virtual pet that lives in the Claude Code status and reacts to your coding sessions. Useful to view the code if you want to build your own statusline tools for Claude Code. ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1956004417993318907))
- **One AI rule folder (to rule them all)**. Tool that combines different AI coding instructions into one .ruler/ folder for Claude Code, Cursor Amp, Windsurf etc ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1955966441590808616))
- **Review mode in Cursor CLI**. Cursor added a shortcut to their CLI to view and review all agent changes with feedback options ([link](https://x.com/iannuttall/status/1954949771694649602))

Got comments? Stuff to share? Want to sponsor this newsletter or sell me your dev tool microsaas? Hit reply and let's chat!

\-ian