MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Marc Klingen <marc@updates.langfuse.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 24 Jun 2025 08:41:20 +0000
Subject: Langfuse Cloud is getting cheaper
Message-ID: <01000197a119526f-7abeef07-db49-4fc0-a0f2-1140a66a1190-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="b50ybse6no"

Volume pricing is now available for all Langfuse Cloud customers

͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­
TLDR; Volume pricing is now available for all Langfuse Cloud customers. This change requires no action on your part and will only
make using Langfuse cheaper at large scale.
 
 
Hi Emil Skogsund,
 
Recently we announced open-sourcing [https://langfuse.com/blog/2025-06-04-open-sourcing-langfuse-product] of all Langfuse product
features.
 
Now we are extremely hyped to announce a general pricing decrease on all Langfuse Cloud plans.
 
A growing Langfuse community should always translate in more value for less $ – this time we can share the growing economies of
scale with you. We are introducing new graduated pricing for tracing units that give you discounts at higher volumes.


Volume pricing (graduated)



 
 
Comparison of old and new graduated pricing





 
What’s changing for me?
No action is required from you.
 * If you have signed up for Langfuse Cloud recently, we will update your subscription over the next few days to make Langfuse
   cheaper for you.

 * If you are a long-time customer on a legacy plan (previous to the introduction of the Core plan and tracing units as a billing
   metric in March 2025), you will receive an additional email with more details on the transition.

 
What are tracing units?
Tracing units consist of the traces, observations, and scores [https://langfuse.com/docs/tracing-data-model] collected in Langfuse
during a billing cycle. We formerly referred to them as “tracing events” which was confusing.
 
How can I track my Langfuse Cloud usage?
Use the “Usage Monitoring Report” in the Dashboards tab in Langfuse to analyze your Langfuse Cloud usage.
 
How can I optimize my Langfuse Cloud usage to reduce cost?
If your application scales and you further want to optimize Langfuse Cloud cost, please check out this guide
[https://langfuse.com/faq/all/cutting-costs] or reach out to us (just reply to this email).
 
How does the graduated pricing work?
You can use the billing calculator [https://langfuse.com/pricing?calculatorOpen=true] on the pricing page to estimate your
upcoming bill.
 
 
Do you have any questions regarding this change? We're happy to help. Just reply to this email, and we will get back to you.
 
Best
Marc
 
—
Co-founder & CEO, langfuse.com [https://langfuse.com]
🐧 @marcklingen [https://x.com/marcklingen]
⭐️ github.com/langfuse/langfuse [https://github.com/langfuse/langfuse/]
🖼️ Receive Langfuse Stickers [https://langfuse.com/stickers]
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Langfuse
Langfuse, Langfuse GmbH, Gethsemanestr 4, 10437 Berlin, Germany
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmcaa0ikr00o901o9g73jak20/150003b9e9d0473f9797e63dfe4db43e679943b752aa145501c3c78ffb56a589]
