MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cesar from Latitude <cesar@team.latitude.so>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 28 Mar 2025 15:38:39 +0000
Subject: 🌈 [New in Latitude] Rule-based evals, dataset management, and webhooks
Message-ID: <01000195dd67c02b-84c32ffa-ce35-4796-9fe5-70a4a8cc1ce4-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="osf4am0gxkj"


Hi there!
 
I'm Cesar, CEO at Latitude [https://latitude.so]—the open-source prompt-engineering platform.
 
Over the past week we launched:
 
 * New rule-based evals

 * Revamped dataset management

 * Webhooks

 * More MCP servers

 
Here are the details:
 
New evaluation types
 
We’ve added a new evaluation type called “Rule-based evaluation”. This new evaluation type allows you to create custom evaluations
by defining a set of rules. Each rule can have a threshold and a metric.
 
Within this new evaluation type, we’ve added the following metrics:
 
 * Exact Match: Checks if the response is exactly the same as the expected output. The resulting score is “matched” or
   “unmatched”.

 * Regular Expression: Checks if the response matches the regular expression. The resulting score is “matched” or “unmatched”.

 * Schema Validation: Checks if the response follows the schema. The resulting score is “valid” or “invalid”.

 * Length Count: Checks if the response is of a certain length. The resulting score is the length of the response.

 * Lexical Overlap: Checks if the response contains the expected output. The resulting score is the percentage of overlap.

 * Semantic Similarity: Checks if the response is semantically similar to the expected output. The resulting score is the
   percentage of similarity.

 



 
Revamped dataset management
 
We’ve completely revamped the dataset management section to allow you to create, edit, and delete rows. You can also mark a column
as a label or parameter and change its name.
 
Additionally, now it’s very easy to create a dataset from a set of logs. Just go to the logs section, select the logs you want to
add to the dataset and click on the “Save logs to dataset” button. You can also add rows to an existing dataset from the logs
section.
 



 
Webhooks
 
We’ve added a new webhooks section in the settings page. This section allows you to create webhooks that are triggered when
certain events happen in Latitude. Currently, we support the following event but we’ll be adding more in the future:
 
 * commitPublished: Triggered when a commit is published in a project. The webhook payload includes details about the commit, such
   as the commit ID, message, and project information.

 
Other stuff
 
We added support for new MCP servers:
 
 * Exa

 * Apify

 * Audiense

 * Redis

 * Jira

 * Attio

 * Supabase

 
If you’re interested in adding support for a new MCP server, please let us know!
 
Let me know what you think!
 
Cesar
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Latitude
Latitude, Carrer Alaba 61, 5-2, 08005 Barcelona, Spain
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cm8sy67rt007m01rr0rjnb6rb/ea0e3f483d517d307c7b28db9315984dc91471e362bb2d9b9ed2c7e96b184265]
