MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Helicone AI <cole@email.helicone.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 17 Jul 2025 15:16:09 +0000
Subject: WTF is LLMOps anyway?
Message-ID: <0100019818f50bc2-f5f79ea3-9c80-4461-815b-c2bf6928e61a-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="zan499dzsda"


Hey devs,
 
We believe LLMOps is the new DevOps.
 
The top teams are coordinating AI across 5 domains:
 
1) Security: API keys, authentication, access controls
2) Context engineering: RAG, caching, prompt optimization
3) Observability: tracing, evals, monitoring
4) Model management: routing, load balancing, rate-limiting, choosing the right provider
5) Application integration: APIs and SDK compatibility within your product
 
We realized we're all trying to solve the same thing: "reliability" - i.e. "how to get your users to trust your AI products".
 
 



 
Here's what we shipped in the last month to solve reliability:
 


1. AI Gateway benchmarks 📈

 
We believe we've built the fastest, lightest, easiest to integrate AI gateway on the market.
 
And now we have the benchmarks to prove it:
 
 * < 1ms (0.5-0.8ms) latency overhead, 40x faster than existing tools

 * 30-60 MB even during peak sustained load, which is the lightest we've seen

 * 3,000 requests per second, compared to 450-500 RPS market standard

 * Single line integration, one-click deploy 🔥

 

Get started in less than 1 min

 



 


2. Prompt playground 🛝

 
Better prompts = more reliable results.
 
We've enabled:
 * Tool creation, testing, and tracing

 * Tweak your model parameters as you iterate

 * Control system, assistant, user, and tool messages

 * Inspect playground session logs

 

Test it out here [https://us.helicone.ai/playground]

 



 


3. Cost API 💰

 
We have one of the most comprehensive pricing databases for LLMs in the market. Constantly updated, fully open-sourced.
 
Our customers requested access, so we've also published it as an API so you can access it programmatically!
 
Build your own rate limiting logic and never receive a surprising bill again!
 

Check it out here [https://www.helicone.ai/llm-cost]

 




 

And of course, bug fixes 🐛
 * Now your logs adapt to your timezone

 * The entire developer portal got clearer and easier to navigate

 * Updated Manus, Mistral, Grok, and TogetherAI pricings

 * Improved our Helicone Helper SDK for those using our async setup

 * Resolved AWS Bedrock issues in the AI Gateway

 * etc.....

 


Coming soon!

 
 * A complete revamp to our Prompts features

 * A cloud-hosted version of the AI Gateway [https://github.com/Helicone/ai-gateway]

 * Helicone Query Language - so you can use SQL to query all your data and generate custom CSVs

 


Lastly, shoutouts ⭐️

 
We also want to highlight some open-source rockstars who have submitted pull requests this past month:
 
 * Swarna [https://github.com/swarna1101]: helped with Mistral set up, rate limits, and docs

 * Shivam Bansal [https://github.com/ShivamB25]: improved readability and maintainability for the AI Gateway

 
Anything else you'd like to see? Reply here, we read you!
 
Cheers,
 
Cole Gotdank
Co-founder, Helicone AI
 
 



 
 
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Helicone AI
Helicone AI, 500 treat ave, San Francisco, CA 94110
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmd7j8ubf02tt01pl74hc41rt/30dca31b43189e329f33261b6e363af3139a684b5c48860241b43b4f3346b676]
