MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Justin and Cole <team@email.helicone.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 03 Mar 2026 17:11:24 +0000
Subject: Helicone is joining Mintlify 🎉🎉
Message-ID: <0100019cb4aeda9d-16c880a2-dacb-4b5a-8ee3-0ae2022eb7af-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="49td33gycfk"


Hi there,
 
We're writing to share some big news: Helicone is joining Mintlify [https://mintlify.com] 🎉🎉.
 
After 3 years of building Helicone, we have decided to bring the team over to Mintlify, where we'll be working on the next
generation of knowledge infrastructure for developers.
 
What this means for you:
 
Helicone is moving into maintenance mode. Your data is safe and the platform will continue to be accessible, but we will not be
shipping new features going forward.
 
We'd love for you to check out what we're building at Mintlify. We're offering all Helicone customers an exclusive discount on
Mintlify. Code HELICONE at checkout.
 
Want the full story?
 
You can read more about our journey and this decision on the Helicone blog [https://helicone.ai/mintlify].
 
Questions or concerns?
 
We're here for you. Reply to this email and we'll respond as soon as we can!
 
Thank you for being part of the Helicone journey. Building for you over the past 3 years has been one of the best experiences of
our lives, and we genuinely mean that.

- Justin & Cole
 
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Helicone AI
Helicone AI, 500 treat ave, San Francisco, CA 94110
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmmav74pi06vv0170g3un9p5o/2404893d6b58ee027074d59530db4e699c705f93017d57f5b319d7f5ad4daacef52543b429f404041bae967dda4f0862e2efec7d43fa83ede30d7cd1]
