MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Ollama <hello@ollama.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Sat, 14 Mar 2026 17:52:12 +0000
Subject: Ollama's cloud is now much faster and reliable using the latest NVIDIA hardware 
Message-ID: <0100019ced7a2b98-6baa303f-54fb-428f-9827-cfb86fa844d7-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="t6n1adbhho"



Ollama's cloud is updated to use NVIDIA's latest data center hardware: B300 for Moonshot AI's Kimi K2.5 and Z AI's GLM-5 models.
 
This significantly improves the model performance with faster throughput and lower latency while maintaining reliable tool calls
for integrations.
 
All this works with Ollama's integrations via Ollama's launch command and over 45,000 custom integrations from GitHub.
 

Ollama's Cloud [https://ollama.com/upgrade]

 
Ollama's cloud subscription also comes with a free tier for you to experience the models.
 


Kimi K2.5 with OpenClaw



ollama launch openclaw --model kimi-k2.5:cloud
 
Ollama is officially integrated into OpenClaw's default onboarding.
 
Kimi K2.5 is one of the most recommended models for use with OpenClaw. It is now much faster and more reliable with Ollama's cloud
using the latest hardware.
 
By default, Ollama will enhance OpenClaw with web search so you always have the latest information if needed.
 


Predictable costs

Ollama's cloud [https://ollama.com/pricing] comes with fixed subscription rates at $0, $20, and $100. This means you won't wake up
to surprise overage bills if you leave Claude Code or OpenClaw running. In the future, we are adding additional plans for higher
usage.

If you have any feedback, reply directly to this email or join Ollama's Discord channel [https://discord.gg/ollama].
 
❤️ Ollama
 
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Ollama
Ollama, 744 High Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmmqmhzf52f6h018c37bgcdv0/130df7f6795f01990e5b5a5f184ef5e9255d11963993868b4acfa4df9bb90baa6395e2169de07b84150c597fde5d78832c9b27eb489c96834a4daa39]
