MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Helicone AI <cole@email.helicone.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 26 Aug 2025 15:04:13 +0000
Subject: AI Agents are mostly garbage
Message-ID: <01000198e6e87e05-eec92cb5-aaec-490a-b76b-0958e55c2f5f-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="59hbv6qdfqu"


Hey,
 
It's 2025 and everyone wants to build their own custom agent.
 
After speaking with our top customers, it's clear most of them are replacing their agent code for the Claude Code SDK 🤯.
 
We got curious as to what makes Claude Code so good, so we added Helicone to trace it!
 
> Run export ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=https://anthropic.helicone.ai/<your-helicone-api-key> before running claude in your terminal to
> trace it too.

 
Here's what we noticed:
 1. Intelligent delegation: Rather than having an all-purpose engineer agent, Claude Code has engineering specialists it delegates
    specific tasks to.

 1. Planning mode: Results get significantly better by going into "planning mode" before coding. You can do so by pressing Shift +
    Tab twice.

 1. Human support: Claude always asks humans before executing changes.

 1. End-to-end task tracking: It creates features successfully end-to-end because Claude acts as a PM first and foremost -
    tracking each task and creating new tasks if it hits a road block.

 

Trace your Claude Code here [https://docs.helicone.ai/integrations/anthropic/claude-code]

 



 


What the Heli Agent?!

 
Speaking of agents, you can now access your own personal agent directly from your Helicone dashboard.
 
You're able to:
 * Speak to your data and ask it questions

 * Find and filter information from your datasets

 * Iterate on prompts based on what has been working before

 * And so much more!

 
Test it out by clicking on the Support button at the bottom left corner.
 



 
Anything else you'd like it to do? Let us know by replying to this email!
 
Cheers,
 
Cole Gotdank
Co-founder, Helicone AI
 
 



 
 
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Helicone AI
Helicone AI, 500 treat ave, San Francisco, CA 94110
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmesofkbm026p01rsegoj8uy2/2d02df71009bc11b81bfa74b30b309106e6f1af1a08a4dafaca1b1afa53377f5]
