MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Clem at Langfuse <clemens@updates.langfuse.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sat, 08 Nov 2025 02:34:58 +0000
Subject: [Notice] We've updated our T&Cs, DPA & BAA
Message-ID: <0100019a6151210d-50cc4732-c247-4055-8def-7d7ba0ac8352-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="7ecvunzlb4"

We've updated our T&Cs, DPA & BAA

͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­
Hi there,

We are writing to let you know that as of today we have updated Langfuse’s Terms and Conditions (T&Cs) and Data Processing
Agreement (DPA). For customer of our HIPAA data region, we have also updated our Business Associate Agreement (BAA).
 


What’s changing?

There are no changes to our product or our pricing (we’ve recently lowered our prices though!). You should not experience any
difference in using Langfuse. We have reviewed and revamped our legal documents to ensure they incorporate user feedback, are
fair, reflect our growing offering, and remain compliant with applicable laws and regulations.
You can view the amended documents here:
 
 * Terms and Conditions (T&Cs) [https://langfuse.com/terms]

 * Data Processing Agreement (DPA) [https://langfuse.com/security/dpa]

 * Only for HIPAA customers: Business Associate Agreement (BAA) [https://langfuse.com/security/hipaa]

 
For each document, you will find its last version at the bottom of the page for your reference.
 
The updates will become effective in one month, on December 7, 2025. By continuing to use Langfuse after this date, you agree to
the updated Terms, DPA and - if applicable - BAA.
 
Please note that any individually negotiated agreements remain in place and are not affected by these updates, unless such
agreements explicitly reference these linked Terms, DPA or BAA.
 
Best wishes,
Clemens & Team Langfuse
 
Note: This is a legal notice, which is why you are receiving this email even if you have opted out of marketing emails. For more
questions, please reply to this email.
