MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Slack <no-reply@slack.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 21 Feb 2025 08:34:23 +0000
Subject: SkogAI's free trial of Slack Pro ends in 7 days
Message-ID: <0100019527a4c208-b5970288-9b07-4228-91b7-8fdd12caf2b5-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="=_6dc9a283-9bb5-4dfd-85bf-dd494dc7a974"

Only 7 more days of Slack's Pro plan

Everyone in SkogAI will lose access to premium features when this trial ends.

Trial ends soon on February 28th

If you do choose to upgrade now, you won’t be charged until your trial is over on March 1st.

Automatically return to free plan on March 1st

No credit card is required if you choose not to upgrade.

Message & file history locked soon

Maintain access to your historical messages & files. Take action before February 28th, 2025.
Explore in Slack [https://app.slack.com/x-p8352421713799-8366949570306-8474765559543/client/T08ACCDLZPH/paid-benefits?entry_point=trial_seven_day_reminder]

PRO You'll also lose access to...

Slack Connect channels

Seamlessly collaborate with external connections

Group huddles

Streamline conversations with multi-person video calls

Unlimited canvases

Organize, curate, collaborate, and share information right in your Slack workspace
Explore in Slack [https://app.slack.com/x-p8352421713799-8366949570306-8474765559543/client/T08ACCDLZPH/paid-benefits?entry_point=trial_seven_day_reminder]

Did you know?

“Slack” stands for Searchable Log of All Conversation & Knowledge – being able to keep track of history, decisions & important details is the building block of what makes Slack so powerful for your team.

Questions? Contact our support team [https://skogai.slack.com/x-p8352421713799-8366949570306-8474765559543/help/requests/new?entry_point=trial_seven_day_reminder] or learn more [https://skogai.slack.com/x-p8352421713799-8366949570306-8474765559543/plans/pro?entry_point=trial_seven_day_reminder] about Slack Pro