MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Amazon Web Services <no-reply-aws@amazon.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2025 03:31:14 +0000
Subject: Amazon Web Services Billing Statement Available [Account: 381492281840]
Message-ID: <01000197c930495e-27e76382-f14a-4c41-92d4-aae15c624920-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_1445987_2083109417.1751427074383"

Greetings from Amazon Web Services,


This e-mail confirms that your latest billing statement, for the account ending in ****1840, is available on the AWS web site. Your account will be charged the following:

Total: $15.06

The credit card ending in 9507 is currently your default payment method for your AWS charges. We will automatically charge the total amount due shown above to your default credit card unless your bank requires additional verification from you. Please visit the Payment History page in your Billing and Cost Management Console https://console.aws.amazon.com/billing/home#/paymenthistory to review the invoice status and complete any required payments to avoid service disruptions.

You can see a complete break down of all charges on the Billing & Cost Management page located here:

https://console.aws.amazon.com/billing/home#/bills?year=2025&month=6

To protect your privacy, we can only communicate account information to the e-mail address on file for your account.

Thank you for using Amazon Web Services.


Sincerely,
Amazon Web Services


To learn more about managing your AWS costs with Cost Allocation and Tagging, visit http://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/cost-alloc-tags.html

Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon.com is a registered trademark of Amazon.com, Inc. This message was produced and distributed by Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

AWS will not be bound by, and specifically objects to, any term, condition or other provision which is different from or in addition to the provisions of the AWS Customer Agreement or AWS Enterprise Agreement between AWS and you (whether or not it would materially alter such AWS Customer Agreement or AWS Enterprise Agreement) and which is submitted in any order, receipt acceptance, confirmation, correspondence or otherwise, unless AWS specifically agrees to such provision in a written instrument signed by AWS.

Your use of Amazon Web Services products and services is governed by the AWS Customer Agreement linked below unless you purchase these products and services from an AWS Value Added Reseller.

The current AWS Customer Agreement is available at https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/. You can see more information about these changes at https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/recent-changes/.

