MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Ollama <hello@ollama.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 31 Mar 2026 16:47:31 +0000
Subject: Ollama is now updated to run the fastest on Apple silicon, powered by MLX, Apple's machine learning framework
Message-ID: <0100019d44cb0fa8-1e8a90a3-1cf4-45f7-b09d-b8c185b1a71a-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="w9n5a71z5e"



https://ollama.com/blog/mlx

 
Today, we're previewing the fastest way to run Ollama on Apple silicon, powered by MLX, Apple's machine learning framework.
 
This change accelerates your most demanding work on macOS:


 * Personal assistants like OpenClaw

 * Coding agents like Claude Code, OpenCode, or Codex



Fastest performance on Apple silicon, powered by MLX

Ollama on Apple silicon is now built on top of Apple’s machine learning framework, MLX, to take advantage of its unified memory
architecture.
 
This results in a large speedup of Ollama on all Apple Silicon devices. On Apple’s M5, M5 Pro and M5 Max chips, Ollama leverages
the new GPU Neural Accelerators to accelerate both time to first token (TTFT) and generation speed (tokens per second).
 



Testing was conducted using Alibaba’s Qwen3.5-35B-A3B model quantized to NVFP4 and Ollama’s previous implementation quantized to Q4_K_M using Ollama 0.18. Ollama 0.19 will see even higher performance (1851 token/s prefill and 134 token/s decode) when running withint4 quantization



NVFP4 support: higher quality responses and production parity

Ollama now leverages NVIDIA’s NVFP4
[https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/introducing-nvfp4-for-efficient-and-accurate-low-precision-inference/] format to maintain model
accuracy while reducing memory bandwidth and storage requirements for inference workloads.
 
As more inference providers scale inference using NVFP4 format, this allows Ollama users to share the same results as they would
in a production environment.
 
It further opens up Ollama to have the ability to run models optimized by NVIDIA’s model optimizer
[https://github.com/NVIDIA/Model-Optimizer]. Other precisions will be made available based on the design and usage intent from
Ollama’s research and hardware partners.
 


Improved caching for more responsiveness

Ollama’s cache has been upgraded to make coding and agentic tasks more efficient.


 * Lower memory utilization: Ollama will now reuse its cache across conversations, meaning less memory utilization and more cache
   hits when branching when using a shared system prompt with tools like Claude Code.
   
   

 * Intelligent checkpoints: Ollama will now store snapshots of its cache at intelligent locations in the prompt, resulting in less
   prompt processing and faster responses.
   
   

 * Smarter eviction: shared prefixes survive longer even when older branches are dropped.

 


Get started

Download Ollama [https://ollama.com/download]

 
This preview release of Ollama accelerates the new Qwen3.5-35B-A3B [https://ollama.com/library/qwen3.5] model, with sampling
parameters tuned for coding tasks.
 
Please make sure you have a Mac with more than 32GB of unified memory.
 
Claude Code:
 
ollama launch claude --model qwen3.5:35b-a3b-coding-nvfp4
 
OpenClaw:
 
ollama launch openclaw --model qwen3.5:35b-a3b-coding-nvfp4
 
Chat with the model:
 
ollama run qwen3.5:35b-a3b-coding-nvfp4
 


Future models

We are actively working to support future models. For users with custom models fine-tuned on supported architectures, we will
introduce an easier way to import models into Ollama. In the meantime, we will expand the list of supported architectures.
 
If you have any feedback, please directly reply to this email or join Ollama's Discord channel
[https://discord.com/invite/ollama].
 
❤️ Ollama
 
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Ollama
Ollama, 744 High Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmneuoa730ja5017w20we74zz/71be11dee12df67cbca583fd9fc83ab19d1a36acd3005ce7c7c557a0295eaf5ac1aa9a5f2139a86c8ef7e2ac17d0e595719388cc4cc071862f4414dc]
