MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Sarah <sarah@letta.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 10 Feb 2026 05:47:25 +0000
Subject: Introducing Letta Max plans & updates to usage-based pricing
Message-ID: <0100019c46171bd0-35440367-8af8-4460-bf78-7273b92a04db-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="--_NmP-ed9856e2e99989ad-Part_1"

Hi Emil,

We are sharing a few updates to Letta's pricing.


NEW: MAX PLANS

Based on community feedback, we're introducing Max plans https://www.letta.com/pricing ($200/month) to support power users of Letta Code. The Max plan include usage across all model providers with higher rate limits, and can also be combined with direct API pricing for flexible pay-as-you-go overage.


SIMPLER USAGE-BASED PRICING

Due to confusion about the current step-based pricing for agents, we are moving to token-based pricing. When interacting with agents, you will be charged (in credits) for token usage at API prices (see details on the models page https://app.letta.com/projects/default-project/models). Letta Pro plans include at least $20 in model inference at API prices. Credit usage will also be show in dollar amounts.

BYOK usage stays the same: use /connect in Letta Code to easily connect your own API keys free of charge, which includes external subscriptions like ChatGPT Plus/Pro (Codex) and the GLM + MiniMax coding plans.

Please reply to this email if you have any questions or feedback!

Thanks,

Sarah

--
Don't want to hear from me? Click here https://unsubscribe.resend.com/?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJjb250YWN0SWQiOiI5MzIzMDM5Yi04YTk1LTRmNDEtYWNhMi0yYWVmYzA5ZGFiOGQiLCJhdWRpZW5jZUlkIjpudWxsLCJicm9hZGNhc3RJZCI6IjA0M2IxMTdiLTRkMGQtNGEyZC04ODI0LWM1NTc4OWRlNDBmOSIsInRlYW1JZCI6ImFkNzFmMDY5LWMyNzYtNGExYi1iZGVhLWIxNTI2MzZlZDA2NyIsImlhdCI6MTc3MDcwMjA3OSwiZXhwIjoxODAyMjM4MDc5fQ.aue3J2boSRRS6esYvliX4tyPePVWThnBAsSU6hihtow