MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Amazon Web Services <aws-marketing-email-replies@amazon.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Mon, 26 May 2025 07:27:52 +0000
Subject: Last chance: Secure your spot for free for AWS Summit Stockholm 2025
Message-ID: <010001970b7da2ef-0c0e783f-3654-48b8-8cdc-922909116da7-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_8360820_625868210.1748244173699"

Join 70+ technical sessions, hands-on coding workshops, and developer networking on June 4th
<https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDebbnLa4xM9SMZWSlr3DWsb8hqlaMLpsMQG9V5h3ijuHQyXyzrtP_-ZZgXiKuCPPbHcg=>



 











 <https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDebbnLa4xM9SMZWSlr3DWsb8hqlaMLpsMQG9V5h3ijuHQyXyzrtP_-ZZgXiKuCPPbHcg=>
Last Chance to Secure Your Spot for AWS Summit Stockholm 2025&nbsp;
Calling all developers, builders and architects! AWS Summit Stockholm is happening next week—don't miss your chance to be part of it. 

Join us at Stockholmsmässan on June 4th for a free, full day of technical learning, live demos, hands-on coding, and  networking. Experience cutting-edge technologies first-hand and hear directly from AWS experts, builders, and partners as they share practical insights. 
Register now
Why Attend?
1&nbsp;Technical Deep Dives with AWS Experts&nbsp;Choose from 70+ sessions on AI, security, and data with real-world success stories from Nordic innovators like Ikano Bank, Axfood, and WithSecure.&nbsp;2&nbsp;Experience Cutting-Edge Technologies First-Hand &nbsp;Explore the latest innovations through interactive demos, workshops, and training labs. Get 1:1 guidance from AWS architects and level up your skills through hands-on workshops and certification pathways.&nbsp;3&nbsp;AWS Community Lounge&nbsp;Connect with fellow developers and join technical discussions with the builder community to share knowledge and solve challenges together.&nbsp;4&nbsp;Unleash GenAI's Potential&nbsp;Explore cutting-edge solutions at the Gen AI Hub. Learn how to drive innovation, boost productivity, and create unique customer experiences.
Explore the agenda 
Inspiring Keynote: Turning Imagination into Reality
Discover how AWS customers are using cloud to turn imagination into reality, while staying secure, sustainable, and high-performing. This year’s keynote features:
&nbsp;Viktor Eriksson&nbsp;Member of Technical Staff, Lovable&nbsp;&nbsp;Mindy Ferguson&nbsp;VP of Streaming and Messaging, AWS
&nbsp;Tanuja Randery&nbsp;Managing Director, VP EMEA, AWS&nbsp;&nbsp;Thomas D. Miller&nbsp;PhD, CVP, Digital, Data & IT, Research and Early Development, Novo Nordisk
Where innovation meets implementation
- Dive into digital sovereignty - Learn how to overcome complexity and enable future-readiness with Mustafa Isik, Chief Technologist of Sovereign Cloud, AWS.
	- Accelerate with gen AI - Discover how Electrolux leveraged agentic AI to handle infrastructure tasks, featuring practical patterns for reliable and secure automation.
	- Scale without limits - Learn from Trustpilot how to build event-driven architectures that achieve near 100% uptime in a high-scale environment.
	- Automate with intelligence - Discover how Telenor Connexion combines machine learning with streaming services to detect incidents in real-time.
	- Secure at speed - Learn how to combine generative AI with AWS security tools to automatically detect, remediate, and patch vulnerabilities across your cloud workloads.


Whether you're building modern applications, architecting cloud solutions, or exploring AI development, this event is designed for you.
Register Now
We look forward to seeing you on June 4th. Feel free to forward this invite with your colleagues who may benefit from attending.

Best,
The AWS Team
AWS News Blog: https://email.awscloud.com/dc/ajD_BapU74vzOhWVQvr7pwr993A-PVrTjB0O_rEx8WJekHpgmf6GDEXryO7LOS0qGrgfDq__8BOllyGJj6YpaCnsU2ewUmgEAEqw8nTR86Yx_cIz3WTmwb4A2KEpNjyOX5jcHHS_Vt9ohHIHppCV7Qtem31md7vPguTSkY82ilaqhdxJZiIGf3cfvm6REHghI0qzdSB0AqbiOKyajOEZ7wnk1TKTXAI76s59a3kGDI3SHhvxVPH67jeGkHUqiDxOWnpK8u1qW3HUykYOzXWLEel5FCwaoc7CN2a7GZzZaNWIN8vNZdKhE0oQkjDkISx2EjxzR9R_mqSLdkdYhSbf1g==/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeWTBram8-ZppzswVJm7QlrcyWUPkY9VwcuCw0QjU3iXou5BYYodju4xhmrp-W1WDTD0=
AWS on X: https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDee8eA3bUcdxUkjpsFcxfwUQmJfFeS1OVEjPv6ZKRhdDFH87hcpVsvURzAE4-EeM8Vlc=
AWS on Facebook: https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeYPstqDuI71ekYKkoBJQ7rO8yQsC7k3Wq4oULMtnEfr8mEnFt-3OyBXqZigVe_ULE3w=
AWS on Twitch: https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeXWkhdUlY4ACjMiL_OGkoXtmKN1FKywApl8ImjQVoDLXOKJ3v2FRWdckWGMTVO7QweU=
AWS on YouTube: https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeaZ3ItnRWtFN0FRaJJdj5jMoLjbD-xV61Eht96MTJ3K9DuGzE-aNCdR70kD_d6Dwdzg=
AWS Podcast: https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeWsLO559sdT2N6Nzd0NUszKw5Fj_NNYKX4tX3yo6zdaAWX6D_7J6Uho9QWvrOiNnKwQ=

If you'd rather not receive future emails from Amazon Web Services, unsubscribe here <https://email.awscloud.com/dc/sRhgdM26bquWWERQj_H99lCavgYp1xy4_-5c9n1WxRAg-Iit3iVTUYZUZlQmzz1BTdI04NvsSqvrTM6rSnQGNK7Z_G6-zH4bcFNO__1cW3u57WO_58NjfoVCgouXqqfA6B8WnDXBNe-NjxjGqu_wRLB93FIRuyLnavKebOmPXRLQfOn8lXYssq5GQXyxdzY18TYYsitl4JrK5l9ykqUpPP6V8pAXZByx91SZVIXQxEtY5zZB_M5J2QWIHDxGkbGXvC6jGvfAyWX0Iez4CgvYZDthjfvmqmqse6VbZnKS8_VctxGBFASR54alBE-KRz8GV1TzQtadNFJh18PX7PZkcH8ivvzT49AH2cENKkSJ6B_6zTtsowxE_BGYh7aeiuwNTdw5kF8JKSxHznqgZ_l_68PmKR7YleoY1J6G8MRnwTU=/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeWTBram8-ZppzswVJm7QlrcyWUPkY9VwcuCw0QjU3iXou5BYYodju4xhmrp-W1WDTD0=>.
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon.com is a registered trademark of Amazon.com.

This message was produced and distributed by Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates <https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDeXdWUoJUj7H6ckRMX5tGHnuskwlWYfB7a_QnGT_aZdi71dUX_1D9WkEo3JmSRUycFiw=>, 410 Terry Ave. North, Seattle, WA 98109.

©2025, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Read our Privacy Notice <https://email.awscloud.com/MTEyLVRaTS03NjYAAAGaqnHDed-CDEsnEAODhzLNsbTGp5LX_rmyOrLm0-r8ye76m6RdqkE8kZEmYNI3UHNgkyOrV3Y=>. Ref: 120313

--------------------------------------------
