MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Sarah <sarah@letta.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 10 Apr 2026 18:08:08 +0000
Subject: Letta Code Product Updates
Message-ID: <0100019d78947690-1a42bc3c-8548-40d3-99f1-5d4637d85638-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="--_NmP-3a704600a80337d0-Part_1"

Hi Emil,

We're reaching out to share some updates to Letta Code!


REMOTE CONTROL

Letta Code now supports remote control. You can enable remote access to a machine by either running letta server or selecting "Allow remote access" in settings.

Remote environments can be accessed from the Letta Code app, or chat.letta.com http://chat.letta.com (which is mobile-friendly).


ISOLATED PROJECTS FOR LETTA CODE

Letta Code now supports project-scoped isolation. You can create new projects in your dashboard, and select the project to authenticate with during OAuth.








CHANGES TO USAGE CREDITS

Usage for personal plans is now OAuth only. API key usage will automatically spend credits. Please make sure you authenticate with OAuth if you are using Letta Code with a Pro, Max-lite, or Max plan.

We have also made some changes to the model tiers structure:

 * We are merging the Standard+ and Premium tiers and combining usage credits between them (the total usage credit is still the same). This means you have more flexibility with what models you use your usage with, since they are all part of the Premium tier now. More expensive models (on API pricing) will spend down usage faster than cheaper models.

 * We've introduced a Letta model tier with higher limits, which provides usage across auto, auto-fast and auto-chat.

Please let me know if you have any questions or feedback - you can always reply to this email!

Thanks,

Sarah

----------------------------------------

Don't want to hear from me? You can unsubscribe from this list https://unsubscribe.resend.com/?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJjb250YWN0SWQiOiI5MzIzMDM5Yi04YTk1LTRmNDEtYWNhMi0yYWVmYzA5ZGFiOGQiLCJhdWRpZW5jZUlkIjpudWxsLCJicm9hZGNhc3RJZCI6IjA3MDFjNDBhLTA2NDUtNDUzMy1iMGUwLTQ5MmM5ZDlhMDg1MiIsInRlYW1JZCI6ImFkNzFmMDY5LWMyNzYtNGExYi1iZGVhLWIxNTI2MzZlZDA2NyIsImV4cCI6MTgwNzM3OTg0N30.QgeXQQ1-IT7N2nF1fC6SeqxM5hyO1DgfGFxaPMTwWxQ.





