MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Dhravya from supermemory <dhravya@notifications.supermemory.ai>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 10 Feb 2026 17:57:45 +0000
Subject: Our pricing was super confusing – We fixed it.
Message-ID: <0100019c48b3bdaf-8d359787-c2fa-4aa3-b4de-58116a9ae843-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="--_NmP-3992d4a4490f9028-Part_1"

Skogix, Dhravya from supermemory here.

We heard you guys – our pricing and platform have both been terribly confusing for the longest time.

We have two different platforms, the Developer console https://console.supermemory.ai and the App https://app.supermemory.ai. Earlier, users would have two different accounts on these platforms, resulting in two separate billing patterns and different features (API and Plugins being in the console, everything else in the app).

Due to this, at times the data looked like it "disappeared" or ended up in two different places. Some users were paying for both and yet were unable to use the App, MCP, Connectors, and other things with their OpenClaw bots. With all this, we realized that... we messed up.

We are deeply sorry for this confusing structure – today, we are fixing it.

You will no longer have two different accounts on the app and the console. Now, there is just one account, the supermemory account.

And we changed the pricing to be extremely simple.

 * Free (API usage included, MCP, Chrome extension, and our new app)

 * Pro - $20 - (API, Connectors, Claude Code/Opencode/OpenClaw plugins)

 * Scale - $400 - Everything above + lots of usage included - For startups building on top of supermemory's infrastructure, or with individuals with high usage.

 * We have removed the consumer plan entirely

So now, whether you're a builder using our API, or powering your OpenClaw and Claude Code with our plugins, or using the Supermemory app to build your personal knowledge base - you have one, unified, supermemory account.

What does this mean for you?

 * If you are on our API plans, nothing has changed!

 * If you are on the consumer plan ($9) - You have been automatically migrated to the API plan ($20) - but we won't charge you for the difference. This means you can use our Plugins and other features, until you cancel!

 * If you had both plans, we removed the $9 plan from your account, so you get all the same features but for the price of one.

If you still have any sort fo confusion, feel free to reach out to us at support@supermemory.com and we'll personally assist you!

Also, as always - feel free to reply to this email (I read all of them!)


- Dhravya, founder of supermemory


----------------------------------------

You are receiving this email because you opted in via our site.

Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can unsubscribe from this list https://unsubscribe.resend.com/?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJjb250YWN0SWQiOiI2MzU5ZDQ3MC0zZmJiLTQ2ZDktOTc3Mi1lODIwMzdhZDQ5NWYiLCJhdWRpZW5jZUlkIjpudWxsLCJicm9hZGNhc3RJZCI6IjExYTkyOGMyLWJiOWItNDcxMC1hMmM4LWM4Y2ViMTliMDQ5NiIsInRlYW1JZCI6IjVmYTRhNzY1LWQ0ZjAtNDVkNi1iMTE4LTc4NzRhNDRjMWE5OSIsImlhdCI6MTc3MDc0NTQ1NywiZXhwIjoxODAyMjgxNDU3fQ.zyeb9XtINcYsUp7J937nrgGgis3gQqJrzrLH8qvzRuA.

Company Name
99 Street Address
City, STATE 000-000


