MIME-Version: 1.0
From: saba@khoj.dev
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Mon, 16 Jun 2025 04:27:02 +0000
Subject: Khoj Turns 2! 🎂
Message-ID: <0100019776fd9ef4-7d932e9e-bddb-44f2-bc4c-fa5a60cae8d0-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="--_NmP-66581c77bebf8227-Part_1"

KHOJ 2.0: COMING SOON

To continue the mission of building transparent and useful personal AI, we're
kicking off a new chapter.

 * We're re-architecting Khoj into a versatile, long-horizon agent. This means
   more powerful tools (like operator, mcp, memory) to have Khoj complete much
   more substantial tasks for you.

 * Join tomorrow https://youtube.com/live/-2s_qi4hd2k?feature=share at 6:30 PM
   PST for a live coding session while we work on Khoj 2.0!

 * We've launched Open Paper https://openpaper.ai to help researchers read &
   understand papers more efficiently.


LIVE CODING KHOJ 2.0

This is a 1-week radical experiment to build in the open. We want to share the
journey of re-architecting Khoj into a more capable, personal AI.

 * Starting this Monday, we'll be live-coding the development of Khoj 2.0 every
   day for a week. Join us to see how modern, agentic AI systems are built,
   maintained and transformed. First session is tomorrow
   https://youtube.com/live/-2s_qi4hd2k?feature=share.

 * We want to demystify the process, show how Khoj is evolving and inspire folks
   to contribute to Khoj or go build their own open, personal AI projects.

 * There will be coding, long silences, going down rabbit holes and definitely
   some mumbling. Expect professional coding and amateur live streaming.


OPEN PAPER: COPILOT FOR RESEARCHERS

We released Open Paper https://openpaper.ai this month to help researchers read
and understand papers more effectively. It grew out of product feedback we've
gotten from researchers using Khoj. Open Paper is the anti-slop, grounded
workbench to hep researchers accelerate their pace of understanding papers. Try
it out, it's in early preview and open source!


THE JOURNEY SO FAR

Khoj incorporated exactly two years ago from today when we joined YC (happy
birthday! 🎂). But we've been working on Khoj for more than four years
https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/commit/0ef549570139495f694265259432870fb5bffa6d
now.

We started in a different era of AI, before the explosion of ChatGPT, RAG and
Agents. The landscape has changed dramatically, and so has Khoj.

 * Khoj began as a natural language search tool for your personal notes. From
   there, it evolved to chat with your notes, search the web for grounded,
   real-time answers and use offline models for privacy.

 * Our v1.0 release https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/releases/tag/1.0.0 1.5 years
   ago, re-architected Khoj to be a scalable service, from a self-hosted
   personal AI to a cloud service serving thousands of users. We're proud of
   what we've built with the incredible support from our open-source community
   and just two of us working on it full-time.

To a better future! 🚀

Debanjum & Saba
khoj.dev https://khoj.dev/




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You are receiving this email because you opted in via our site.

Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can unsubscribe from this list https://unsubscribe.resend.com/?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJjb250YWN0SWQiOiI4OWYyZjNkZS00Njg5LTRmOWEtOTYzOC1mOWIxMDUyMjNmMjUiLCJhdWRpZW5jZUlkIjoiM2ZkZDEzOTEtZDhkNy00N2FiLTg2MzEtZTc1NmIyZjhhNTYwIiwiYnJvYWRjYXN0SWQiOiI1MzUxMzZjMS02ZmMyLTQ1YWEtYTI4Ny03YzEwYTM1YjcxNGMiLCJ0ZWFtSWQiOiJmZjA5ZGYwYy1jMGVlLTQ2NGQtYTlhYy00N2Y2MzJjODUwYWEiLCJpYXQiOjE3NTAwNDc1ODIsImV4cCI6MTc4MTU4MzU4Mn0.6gkIlUjFLd6Axl2eeusYy-vbHy9CdypA3kK23vlROWU.

Khoj Inc.

