MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Ash <ash@mail.tryotio.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sat, 29 Jun 2024 19:44:40 +0000
Subject: How to use AI to write faster & better
Message-ID: <0100019065873c80-4b1c7b75-a189-4acb-aa10-2c77424e7b15-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="zs9zqylp1mo"


Hey Emil,
 
Ash here, the co-founder of Otio [https://app.otio.ai/]. I just wanted to drop you another email personally as we just made some
cool updates to Otio that I wanted to let you in on.
 
We all know ChatGPT sucks at writing. It sounds robotic, you have to constantly copy and paste stuff back and forth and it doesn't
have the context that you do.
 
That's why we built an AI-powered text editor into Otio. It's like a normal word document except you can use AI to do anything
from generate a report using source materials, or simply to help you improve grammar and clarity of individual sentences.
 
Try creating a note here [https://app.otio.ai/].
 
If you have any questions - just drop me a reply!
 
Happy researching,
Ash
 
P.S

For those of you who take your writing seriously, Otio Max members can choose the AI model of their choice (e.g. GPT-4, Claude 3
etc.) - it makes a huge difference to the tone and quality of writing. If you want to try out our Max plan - just drop me an email
and I'll share a trial code with you!
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Otio
Otio, 71-75, Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cly0j6vsw00zi0lmlb45uctut/dcbba1a099eb0ed743094b3c1c4422cb516b0d40d6d1423314100e9f72243690]
