MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Dane Schneider <dane@mail.plandex.ai>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2025 17:02:13 +0000
Subject: ⃗⚡️ Plandex v2 is live: pushing the limits of AI coding
Message-ID: <01000195b9a7bf2a-d8c85232-538b-4089-85ee-50338e62705f-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="tt0bl65kcga"

Plandex is now a top-tier coding agent with fully autonomous capabilities.

͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏
  ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­͏   ­
Hi there,
 
Dane from Plandex here—I’m excited to announce that Plandex v2 is now live!
 

https://youtu.be/SFSu2vNmlLk

 
v2 is the result of 8 months of heads down work, and is in effect a whole new project/product. 
 
In short, Plandex is now a top-tier coding agent with fully autonomous capabilities. I think it’s one of the best tools available
for working on large tasks in real world codebases with AI.
 
Highlights:
 
 * 🧠 New Model Pack: a new default model pack combines the strengths of the best coding models from Anthropic, OpenAI, and Google
   to produce better results that can be achieved with models from a single provider.

 
 * 🚀  Full Autonomy: v2 can automatically load context, create detailed plans that span dozens of files, reliably apply file
   edits, execute commands, and debug errors. The autonomy level is configurable; you can go up and down the autonomy ladder
   depending on the task and your comfort level.

 
 * 🐘 Large Project Support: by default, v2 offers an effective context window of 2M tokens, can index projects up to 20M+ tokens
   and beyond (enough for huge million line projects like SQLite, Redis, or Git), and can edit individual files up to 100k tokens.

 
 * 💬 Intuitive Chat-like REPL: v2 introduces a dev-friendly REPL with fuzzy autocomplete for commands and project files. While
   all commands are still available via the CLI as in v1, the REPL is the new “default” way to use Plandex. Just run `plandex` in
   any directory and start chatting about what you want to build.

 
Check out the full v2 announcement and release notes here [https://github.com/plandex-ai/plandex/releases/tag/cli%2Fv2.0.0].
 
Getting Started: Plandex v2 runs independently of v1, so there's no upgrade needed—just follow the quickstart guide
[https://docs.plandex.ai/quick-start] as if you're a brand new user.
 
I'd love to get your feedback! You can reply to this email, post an issue/discussion on GitHub
[https://github.com/plandex-ai/plandex], or say hi on Discord [https://discord.gg/plandex-ai].
 
Cheers,
Dane
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Plandex
Plandex, 2261 Market Street STE 22017 San Francisco, CA 94114
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cm8j12q57016301ng4krx6cpp/e184bf074753545d80fc7a2e9b7a00cc6a13aa150c582be2111e3b5727c3a2ea]
