MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cesar from Latitude <cesar@team.latitude.so>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 04 Jun 2025 15:56:08 +0000
Subject: 🌈 [New in Latitude] Examples gallery, export all logs, new docs sidebar, and many more things that don't fit in this email's subject and it's already pretty long anyway just click on it and check it out please help our open rate
Message-ID: <010001973ba83325-e22e2596-6306-4bca-973e-c2d42e9bf21d-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="p4amvxh50y"


Hi there!
 
I'm Cesar, CEO at Latitude [https://latitude.so]—the open-source prompt-engineering platform.
 
Over the past few weeks we launched:
 
 * New examples in our docs

 * Export all logs (or add to a dataset)

 * Documentation sidebar

 * Numeric similarity evaluation metric

 * Realtime log updates toggle

 * Per-subscription rate limits

 * Consolidated evaluations API

 * Performance and stability improvements

 
Here are the details:
 
New examples in our docs
We’ve put lots of effort into improving the examples documentation. With many examples of common use cases. If you've been
struggling getting started with Latitude, please give it a look!
 
👉 https://docs.latitude.so/examples/overview [https://docs.latitude.so/examples/overview]
 
Export all logs
Logs selector in the logs section now allows you to select any arbitrary combination of logs (previously it was only the logs
visible in the current page). This feature works with both the Download logs and “Export to dataset” features.
 
Exports that contain many logs will happen in the background and an email will be sent to the user when the export is complete.
 



 
Documentation sidebar
We’ve added a new vertical sidebar to the app, that now gives you quick in-context access to all the documentation pages. You’ll
also see little documentation buttons spread throughout the app, that will open the corresponding documentation page.
 



psst.. you might notice a sneak-peak to an upcoming feature we’re working on in this screenshot. Stay tuned!
 
Numeric similarity evaluation metric
We’ve added a new evaluation metric called Numeric similarity
[https://docs.latitude.so/guides/evaluations/programmatic_rules#numeric-similarity]. This metric allows you to compare the numeric
values of two responses and determine how similar they are.
 
Realtime log updates toggle
We’ve added a toggle to enable/disable realtime log updates in the logs section. This was a much needed feature for users who were
generating thousands of logs per minute.
 
Per-subscription rate limits
We’ve added per-subscription rate limits [https://docs.latitude.so/guides/api/api-access#rate-limiting] to the API. Previously,
all users had a flat rate limit of 10 requests per second. Now, paying customers enjoy rate limits of up to 10000 requests per
minute.
 
Consolidated evaluations API
We’ve deprecated the trigger and createResult methods in the Evaluations API and consolidated them into a single endpoint annotate
[https://docs.latitude.so/examples/sdk/annotate-log#annotate-log-hitl] endpoint.
 
Performance and stability improvements
In the past few weeks we’ve seen increased usage of the platform, putting a strain in our systems. As a result, we’ve started a
company-wide effort to improve the performance and stability of our platform. We’re working on a number of improvements,
including:
 * Improving the performance of the logs section

 * Improving the performance of the prompt editor

 * Improving the performance of the project overview section

 * Preparing the platform to scale for the future

 
Some concrete improvements have already been implemented, whereas others that require more work are still in progress. We’re
committed to making the platform as fast and reliable as possible, and we expect this initiative to conclude by early next month,
so stay tuned for more updates!
 
That's all for today! Let me know what you think 🙏
 
Cesar
You are receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Latitude
Latitude, Carrer Alaba 61, 5-2, 08005 Barcelona, Spain
Unsubscribe [https://app.loops.so/unsubscribe/cmbi4qmsi079j01jhaqbqh8yz/07b2dce6bd74f36fe45c86215e7e4849256122109592e211de0576048558fc81]
