MIME-Version: 1.0
From: "noreply@lovable.dev [via Relay]" <vc6ky09df@mozmail.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2025 17:22:37 +0000
Subject: Join the celebration? Lovable turns 1!
Message-ID: <0101019a97fd6572-a8094c09-c080-44b9-8b8d-e50c5671c90b-000000@us-west-2.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="8d2cd33710f0865b6a4633d1d07e63d1f7663261efdb2b5298c6ccfdcb2d"

This email was sent to your alias vc6ky09df@mozmail.com. To stop receiving emails sent to this alias, update the forwarding settings in your dashboard.
---Begin Email---
Lovable Logo

**************************************
Join the celebration? Lovable turns 1!
**************************************

Hey,

Lovable turns 1 this week and we’re feeling extra grateful for you. As a token of our thanks, we have some fun in store. Join the Lovable yearbook, boost your referral credits, and try out new features.

-----------------
Join our yearbook
-----------------

The Lovable yearbook is a snapshot of the people who made our first year possible, to participate:

* Go to the Lovable yearbook: https://first-yearbook.lovable.app/
* Add your photo to the yearbook
* Become a part of Lovable history 🫶
image

------------------------------------------
5x Lovable credits via referrals this week
------------------------------------------

For the next 7 days, when you refer someone to Lovable and they publish a project, you'll both get 50 credits.

This is how you get your referral:
image

---------------------------------------------------------------
Product update: Themes, MCP servers, and improved visual edits.
---------------------------------------------------------------

Today, we’re starting to roll out multiple product updates:

* MCP servers: Linear, Jira, Notion, Confluence, n8n.
* Themes: set brand standards across projects.
* Improved visual edits: multi-select components & image generation
See full product update in our blog ( https://deploy-preview-13877.beta.lovable.dev/blog/mcp-servers ).

Thank you for being part of our first year, we’re just getting started ( https://deploy-preview-13879.beta.lovable.dev/blog/one-year-of-lovable ).

Start Building Now ( https://lovable.dev )

Best,
The Lovable Team

Lovable Logo

Invite a friend to start building at
Lovable.dev ( https://lovable.dev?open_referral=true )

Unsubscribe ( https://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgTmjgoDANPorgLS6K4CAZqX87gmXX_-5PBjVtcXNQ== )
