MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 26 Feb 2026 18:37:11 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ 🤖 Email your Fabric Assistant! + 🏎️ Speed improvements + Build on Fabric with our Developer Platform! 👷‍♂️
Message-ID: <0102019c9b3d9868-474581eb-19be-406f-a9a2-2e3348f11f4e-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_787021_1876358529.1772131031144"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

🤖 New… Email your Fabric Assistant!

*
Assistant can now respond directly to you via email!
*
Just send an email to your Email-to-Fabric address, and your
Fabric Assistant will do any work or research for you.
*
You can also forward an email to it and Assistant will save it,
and answer any follow-up questions.
*
More to come!

[ Note: only works for email addresses that you approve directly
and you can turn this feature off any time ]

🏎️ Speed improvements!

*
Actions like creating a new note are up to 90% faster,
particularly in regions like the US.

👷‍♂️ New… Fabric Developer Platform! (Beta)

*
You can now build apps and tools that use Fabric's memory,
storage, and AI search infrastructure!
*
This is a new offering, leveraging our technology stack for
developers to create production-scale AI apps and agents that
truly remember.
*
We're excited to see what you build (and hear your feedback)!

📖 New user guide!

• Much more helpful, up to date and we'll keep adding to it.

• Take a look at the new product docs here
(https://user-guide.fabric.so/)

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric Assistant can now move and rename files for you, add
tags, create notes, edit notes, delete things, and more.

• Assistant now creates memories when you ask it to, or when you
say something that's likely to be helpful in the future.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c2.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NzIxMzA1ODk0MTkzMTksInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6ImE0YmVmNDJlLWU2ZGYtNGRhZS05ODEwLTFlN2E5ODAxZGIxNCJ9.hlIwohXnMV3AvTMAnFDDi6ouljFK-ChR2dC6hkQIm8g)
Logo (https://fabric.so)