MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 02 Oct 2025 20:24:15 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗ 🗣️ AI meeting notes + 🔔 meeting detection + 🧠 Claude Sonnet 4.5 + 📄 EPUB support
Message-ID: <01020199a698ca6b-de24fc4f-49de-4c8c-8eb2-023d8cfdf7d8-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_71978_800374442.1759436655211"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

🗣️ New! AI meeting note taker

Fabric now works great in meetings, and can hear all participants
during the call with system audio. (Desktop v0.2.9)

Get the perfect meeting notes, no meeting bot required.

🔔 New! Meeting detection

Fabric's desktop app can now detect the start of meetings,
showing a convenient notification to begin creating AI-enhanced
meeting notes for you. (Desktop v0.2.9)

🧠 New model: Claude Sonnet 4.5

Fabric Assistant now supports Claude Sonnet 4.5 as a model
choice.

📄 New! EPUB support

Just save any EPUB to Fabric, and you can read through it, share
it, ask the AI assistant about the content.

Every EPUB file is now legible to Fabric's AI search and
assistant, making it easy to find a document based on its ideas
and topics (even if you can't remember the name of it).

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even
organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

Psst... love Fabric?

Want to be a part of building Fabric and help imagine the future
of personal computing?

Learn more here
(https://fabric.so/p/software-engineer-frontend-4qoGOvVGybaNVjEMqhHOjG)
– we're hiring Frontend/UI Engineers

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c2.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NTk0MzUxMzMzMDAzNjYsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0OkVQVUIgZXRjLiIsInd2aWQiOiIzNmJhZTA4MC0yMmFiLTQ4ZTItOWNiNC1mODQyN2RkMWQzMWMifQ.1VFYajevk2G9zW282ZEFEos3xrPN1Aabu3WLAJOPcTk)
Logo (https://fabric.so)