MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 12 Feb 2026 19:37:19 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ 🧠 Fabric memory + agent + 🌎  assistant web search
Message-ID: <0102019c535b9de5-6e2bd88c-a183-409a-855b-10b9be18b214-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_534747_1797316873.1770925039077"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

🤖 Introducing… Fabric Agent!

*
Assistant can now move and rename files for you, add tags, create
notes, edit notes, delete things, and more.
*
A true personal assistant, so you can spend more time on the work
and projects that matter to you.

🧠 ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ Fabric Memory!

*
Assistant now creates memories when you ask it to, or when you
say something that's likely to be helpful in the future.
*
You can even ask it to forget something.
*
This is a very new capability and we'll be working to make it
great for you – let us know your feedback 🙂

[ Note: only available on paid plans ]

🌎 ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ Assistant Web Search:

*
Assistant can now search the web for you – ask it to check
something, and it'll fetch and analyze results from the web.
*
Now always up-to-date with the latest data.

[ Note: only available on Pro and Team plans ]

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even
organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c2.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NzA5MjQ0NDUwNTQ3ODYsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6IjY4N2U5NTFlLWY0NjItNDU0Ni05NzhkLTA4YzhlNTQxNDk4NyJ9.uNRzTXrLj9ZiYwn2pJ-L9AbsC7MVrQ56DVd9-3w40AU)
Logo (https://fabric.so)