MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 19 Mar 2026 19:45:08 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ 🎨 Draw on images & videos + 💬 Create timestamped audio & video comments + 🎥 New media player!
Message-ID: <0102019d07a15c70-8cc0d4d8-3be5-46da-a9b0-ccc371689ff7-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_432676_446009125.1773949508720"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

💬 New! Timestamped audio and video annotations

*
Leave a comment at any timestamp of a video or audio file.
*
You can tag anyone in the comment.
*
Show/hide annotations at any time.
*
Great for collaboration, or making a note for yourself.

🎨 New! Draw on any image or video in Fabric

*
Leave drawings with comments on any image, or at timestamped
points of a video!
*
Express yourself with text, marker pens, shapes and arrows.
*
Great for feedback, reviewing creative work, and visual
collaboration.

🎥 New media player!

*
Improved playback performance
*
Picture-in-picture support
*
Keyboard navigation support
*
Playback speed control
*
Looping mode

Improvements and fixes:

🗣️ Meeting & voice note improvements

*
Recording now auto-starts when you create one — no extra tap
needed.
*
More accurate desktop meeting detection.
*
Added a language control for transcription — no more AI
guesswork.
📱 Mobile & general app improvements

*
Faster space and folder load times.
*
Smoother dragging, tapping, and opening content.
*
AI assistant is better at finding and modifying tasks.
*
New visual cost indicators for different AI models.
*
Viewed notes no longer jump to the top of your timeline (we know
that one was annoying!)
*
Updated app icon (important!)

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric Assistant can now move and rename files for you, add
tags, create notes, edit notes, delete things, and more.

• Assistant now creates memories when you ask it to, or when you
say something that's likely to be helpful in the future.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c2.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NzM5NDg5NTUyNjc5MjIsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6IjNhMDhmM2E3LTE3YmYtNDVlOS05M2E1LTcyNzRiMTIyNzA3YiJ9.79sGNw8ZB_cB7EgsrHZyiE22tVSssIQzPz4XNN__vZI)
Logo (https://fabric.so)