MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 26 Mar 2026 18:48:34 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ 🎨 List & grid views on mobile + 📊 Publish link analytics + 💬 Right-To-Left language support!
Message-ID: <0102019d2b7a179c-dbeb798f-e416-4dfb-b542-0394c74836e4-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_996998_2146115934.1774550914972"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

👀 New views on mobile!

Mobile list view

*
Perfect for text-heavy content like journalling, writing,
documents, and notes.
*
Easily browse through and read a longer preview, making it easier
to find a particular piece of writing.

Mobile 3 column grid view:

*
Browse through large quantities of visual content more quickly
and see more in a single view!
*
Great for photos, videos, and visual media!

📊 New! Publish link analytics

*
Share multiple links and understand how that link was used, how
much time was spent on the visit, and where they visited from!

*
Perfect for creatives sharing work, or founders sharing pitch
materials.

*
Available as an optional setting on any published link.

*
This feature is available on Pro and Team plans.

💬 New! Right-To-Left language support

*
Fabric's text editor automatically detects language direction and
sets LTR or RTL accordingly.
*
It even supports multiple variations in a single document.
*
A better writing experience for more languages!

Improvements and fixes:

*
Improved loading speed for content across the app.
*
You can now view images in higher resolution automatically, just
by zooming in.

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric Assistant can now move and rename files for you, add
tags, create notes, edit notes, delete things, and more.

• Assistant now creates memories when you ask it to, or when you
say something that's likely to be helpful in the future.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c1.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NzQ1NTAzNzY4ODUzOTIsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6ImUwYjVkZDY2LTY5OGMtNGU2OC05NzQ3LThhMmMzZTQwMjNlMCJ9.Tg4uWv_7Jx_9C_G1abVTCSeMDt04AuojqrOJi6DywC8)
Logo (https://fabric.so)