MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 28 Jan 2026 18:48:41 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ New! ˎˊ˗ ✅ Tasks! + 👋 @mentions + speed improvements
Message-ID: <0102019c05efb39f-4e4a24ce-638e-46a4-bdf2-2b6e180af36f-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_388619_1929034207.1769626121119"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

✅ Introducing… Tasks!

*
You can now create a task directly in Fabric, with a new
dedicated view.
*
Set a due date, reminder notification, priority and more!
*
Connect relevant files and folders to it.
*
Reminders can deliver to your email or in-app (and you can set
multiple).

No excuses for not being more productive now! (Sorry)

👋 New! @mentions

*
You can now @mention anyone that has access to a file or folder.
*
Mentions will send an in-app notification.
*
Use in a comment to get someone's attention, perfect for
collaboration, feedback, reviews and more.

Happy mentioning! (Push notifications coming soon)

🏎️ Speed and performance::

We're doing lots here, both for international users, and also
generally to speed up the app for everyone. More to come!

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even
organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c1.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3Njk2MjU2MDMwNzQwNTksInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6IjFlMDBmNmZlLTAxNWYtNDUzOC1iNWRhLTczMjIxNjdmZWEwOCJ9.4eAqjWuUOWdfKoSGYJ4gZSZRx4X2vduHrUOPXzhrg5w)
Logo (https://fabric.so)