MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 18 Dec 2025 20:47:24 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗ 🧭 Explore Mode! + 🔨 Custom AI quick actions + UI improvements 🧹
Message-ID: <0102019b3337aa44-713a0078-76e8-4296-ac90-58ed741509a0-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_318086_925123986.1766090844741"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

Introducing... 🧭 Explore mode:

Navigate your digital world of content in a powerful new way.

*
Explore relations between similar content.

*
Shuffle / hop to a random item, for serendipitous rediscovery.

*
Magically group your content by creation date, creator, kind, and
more.

--

This is a very early prototype, we're excited to hear your
feedback and evolve it with you!.

⚡️ Introducing… Custom Actions!

Create custom Actions and use them in your Fabric AI assistant
with just a / (or click Actions).

*
An Action can be any prompt or instruction you can imagine.

*
Actions are a powerful way to speed up your workflows and get
things done in half the time.

*
Manage/create Actions inside Settings > Customize your AI > Your
Actions.

--

We're excited to hear what Actions you make!

✨
UX improvements and fixes:

Lots of improvements that you asked for, and bug fixes!

Here's a few:

*
Upload bar doesn't block chat or other controls.

*
Fixes to how the mobile text editor displays, now remains full
screen during adding/modifying blocks.

*
Improvements to search results.

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even
organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c2.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NjYwOTAzOTk3ODgzNzgsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6ImE0ZDA0NzM4LTc3ZmItNDA4OC1iOWUyLTIxYTMzODk0NTM3NyJ9.iW-KcP_5ryAR6XGjxb27ZZBoTbW3n7uBll_MYukZJ8U)
Logo (https://fabric.so)