MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 11 Dec 2025 18:58:39 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗ 📺 Interactive previews: Figma, TikTok, Instagram and more! + 📌 Pin, rename, search your AI chats! 💬
Message-ID: <0102019b0ec79692-e423d4f2-4f93-4fcd-b27f-883fc2439e2b-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_48258_1907266523.1765479519890"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

📺 Interactive previews! Figma, TikTok, Instagram, LinkedIn,
Reddit, and more.

Fabric's previewer can now render interactive content for 130+
websites.

Including: interactive Figma embeds, CodePen, TikTok, Instagram,
Reddit, LinkedIn and more!

This makes links in Fabric more useful than ever before.

💬 Fabric AI chats just got more useful:

*
Pin, rename them yourself, and search them by name!

⬇️
Import from Notion:

You can now migrate from Notion to Fabric!

Just when you're ready… no rush… no pressure 👀

See you soon.

🔄
Improved note sync engine:

We've improved our note sync engine, with improved handling for
disconnection and other disruptions, and improved multiplayer
across devices and multiple tabs.

Making Fabric a much better place to note down thoughts and write
your next big idea.

✨
UX improvements and fixes:

Lots of improvements that you asked for, and bug fixes!

Here's a few:

*
Browser tab now says current file/document name so you can easily
find the right tab in your browser.

*
Added a back button on desktop and tablet for easier navigation.

*
Reliability improvements to voice notes, increased resilience
against internet connection drops, device storage issues.

*
Improved tagging experience: fixed layout shifts, input not
clearing.

*
Setting theme default to "system" to avoid any bright flashes.

*
Increased the hit area on small buttons e.g. in the sidebar.

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even
organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c1.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NjU0Nzg2MzI0NjQ3MDYsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6Ijg1NjVmN2EyLTViMTMtNGFhYi1iZGM0LTJhY2U5N2VmMzM2NiJ9.4BiGhv9dCcFpVcsMXLy_gnFFIvj0uBdpYg60ed5jTQc)
Logo (https://fabric.so)