MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 20 Nov 2025 20:02:06 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗ 🧠 Latest AI models: Gemini 3 and GPT-5.1 + 👥 "shared with me" section and sharing filters + speed improvements!
Message-ID: <0102019aa2dc1ec0-15ab7715-f4e2-4b28-afe2-7d01ea0d85c2-000000@eu-west-1.amazonses.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_143018_1850325646.1763668926144"

fabric (https://fabric.so)

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

Quick reminder:

Fabric is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and
projects.

✨ Let's get into it:

🧠 New AI models: Gemini 3 and GPT-5.1

*
Fabric's AI Assistant is now smarter than ever with Gemini 3 and
GPT-5.1 as available model choices.

👥 New "Shared with me" section and sharing filters

*
Quickly filter any view for shared, private, published, and
content that others have shared with you.
*
Explore content that others have shared with you in a dedicated
view from the home-screen.

🏇
Speed improvements:

We've been working on making Fabric faster for you!

*
Notes now launch much faster, so you can start writing
immediately.

*
We've optimised the app for faster initial load and faster
content loading.

✨
UX improvements and fixes:

Lots of improvements that you asked for, and bug fixes!

Here's a few:

*
Browser tab now says current file/document name so you can easily
find the right tab in your browser.

*
Added a back button on desktop and tablet for easier navigation.

*
Reliability improvements to voice notes, increased resilience
against internet connection drops, device storage issues.

*
Improved tagging experience: fixed layout shifts, input not
clearing.

*
Setting theme default to "system" to avoid any bright flashes.

*
Increased the hit area on small buttons e.g. in the sidebar.

⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric now has AI meeting notes.

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio
files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description,
cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get
transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even
organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just
search "Fabric"

Get the latest Fabric here (https://fabric.so)

and we're working on more big changes.

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric (https://fabric.so)

fabric (https://fabric.so)Unsubscribe
(https://c1.knock.app/unsubscribe?t=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJlaWQiOiIyMzNmNTI3ZC0zYjRmLTQ2MDItOTU2OS04NWI4YjgwYTAwYmIiLCJpYXQiOjE3NjM2NjgzMzI4NTE1NjQsInJnaWQiOiJnaWQ6Ly9PYmplY3QvJHVzZXJzLzFmZWYyYjA3LWJmY2UtNDk4Ny1hNmJjLWU4OGE5YjVmZTJhMCIsInNyIjoiYnJvYWRjYXN0Iiwid3ZpZCI6ImZjZGRlMTNiLWJlMTQtNDBiZi1hYjExLTU5OTY4ZTU3MDlhMSJ9.MOozeY27jtLrxNea9fVJ2pB5stgKBlwn6tmngs8rc4w)
Logo (https://fabric.so)