MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 13 Aug 2025 09:59:38 +0000
Subject: Need more control over your website performance and security?
Message-ID: <06.66.38252.A026C986@i-06ffa179cc06a4062.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----Ss56gXvlBrOU0D3LuGdv6Q===_C5/66-38252-A026C986"

Need more control over your website performance and security? Discover ways to optimize site speed, security, and support with Cloudflare Business Business uninterrupted: Safeguard your web application from cyber attacks with confidence Why choose Cloudflare Business? Get the controls and support to optimally configure a full suite of speed and security features so your traffic and conversions keep growing. With the most comprehensive reporting, customization tools, and performance and security features of all our self-service plans, the Business plan provides significant value at an affordable price. Purchase Business Plan Key features only on the Business plan and above: Keep your site online 24/7/365 Cloudflare's unmetered DDoS protection ensures uninterrupted online presence, with 24/7 expert support—safeguarding your site from attacks of any size, type, or duration. Plus, rate limit specific IPs by deploying up to 5 custom rate limiting rules. Defend against website attacks Cloudflare's Web Application Firewall (WAF) defends websites by analyzing incoming traffic, blocking malicious requests, and allowing only legitimate traffic, protecting against OWASP threats like SQL injection, cross-site scripting, and against zero-day (new) vulnerabilities. Reduce the risk of reputation damage from a cyber attack Cloudflare safeguards your reputation from cyber threats by effectively blocking or challenging sophisticated bots (highly variable traffic signatures and novel bot attacks) using machine learning. Unlock protection along with basic analytics for the last 7 days by deploying the Business plan version of Super Bot Fight Mode. Support from real humans when you need it Get chat and ticket support and a 100% uptime guarantee, so you can have confidence that your site will stay online and you'll get help when it matters most. Get the control and support to take your site to the next level The Business plan is just $250/mo (save 20% by paying annually) Purchase Business Plan Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe