MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Mon, 07 Apr 2025 18:02:24 +0000
Subject: It's Developer Week '25
Message-ID: <0A.B5.49431.03314F76@i-03264b5a98e52f431.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----IoymVwo+Hum4y/W2RDj1aw===_49/B5-49431-03314F76"

It's Developer Week '25 Get a sneak preview of what we're announcing this year Developer Week 2025 April 7 — April 11, 2025 We’re embarking on the 8th year of our developer platform (wait...8th, really?), and this week we’re excited to kick off Developer Week 2025. We’re incredibly proud of what we’ve built over the past 8 years, yet our work is nowhere near done. We are just getting started. This Developer Week, we’re excited to share new tools, features, and community updates that will make your experience building an application, whether it’s a web app, an agent, an MCP server, or anything else you dream up...better. How to Follow Along Personally, I follow @CloudflareDev on X for live updates, hang in Discord for community hot takes, and bookmark the Developer Week Homepage for blogs, news, and video streams. What's Shipping? To be honest, that’s a bit of a secret, but we’ll give you some snippets as a clue. Without getting hyper specific (or replicating too much information), here’s a preview of the catalog of announcements week: Day 1: AI Monday, April 7 Day 2: Full-Stack Tuesday, April 8 Day 3: Platform Wednesday, April 9 Day 4: Data Thursday, April 10 Day 5: Community Friday, April 11 If you have any ideas, let @CloudflareDev know what you think we're shipping. Join Us Online Monday - Thursday at 9 am PT / 12 pm ET Join hosts Cloudflare's Ricky Robinett and Craig Dennis for a daily, one-hour live stream to recap the day's announcements, share demos, and preview what's next for the developer platform. We have some very special guests. Add the streams to your calendar: Monday (AI), Tuesday (Full-Stack), Wednesday (Platform), and Thursday (Data). Join Us In-Person Wednesday, April 9 and Thursday, April 10 We are continuing the excitement of Developer Week with some local celebrations at three of our offices: Austin, London and San Francisco. Come celebrate Developer Week 2025 with the Cloudflare developer community and members of our engineering team. Feel free to forward this invite to your team, colleagues, or developer friends - it will be a great time. Share Your Feedback One of the most rewarding parts of getting to work on this platform over the past 8 years has been seeing all that developers built on it. We want to hear your thoughts, feedback and what you’re building, and hope you share it with us whether on X, Discord, or in person at one of our meetups this week! Hope to see you soon, and as always, looking forward to seeing what you build! Rita Kozlov VP, Product Start Building Login Join the Discord Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe