MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 14 Jan 2025 00:30:39 +0000
Subject: aldervall.se experienced more threats than average last month
Message-ID: <0F.D1.48113.F20B5876@i-04a5e0831ce1c0252.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----xDpf6cwskBU6eZM8phrJSA===_AE/D1-48113-F20B5876"

aldervall.se experienced more threats than average last month aldervall.se experienced increased risks last month Last month Cloudflare detected 192 security threats for aldervall.se Why it matters Your site saw more threats last month than the average site on Cloudflare. Here’s what that means: The good news is that these threats were mitigated by Cloudflare with the basic web application firewall (WAF) and bot protection you have on the Free plan. The bad news is that more complex and sophisticated cyber attacks may not be stopped by your current web application security posture. Upgrade Security 3 simple steps to manage risks and mitigate threats Upgrade to the Business plan Deploy WAF managed rulesets to defend your site against zero-day and common attacks including OWASP vulnerabilities. Turn on and configure Super Bot Fight Mode to block or challenge sophisticated bots using machine learning. Additionally, you can activate Page Shield to detect and alert you of malicious 3rd-party scripts. Additional security Need more security? Use WAF Attack Score Lite's machine learning models to detect unknown application attacks that bypass existing security settings. Then, stop the attacks by creating WAF Custom Rules based on the attack score. Secure My Site Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe