MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 05 Dec 2024 02:01:16 +0000
Subject: Is your website ready for the holiday season?
Message-ID: <10.44.35541.C6901576@i-02aa07a7a603576db.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----1jHHKdPOVwXuXVjfRLKfbA===_BF/34-35541-C6901576"

Is your website ready for the holiday season? Slowdowns lose money ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Don't lose potential customers with a slow website The Holidays are right around the corner. Website speed and uptime are critical to ensuring your e-commerce business is optimized to generate maximum revenue during the busiest time of year. Cloudflare offers numerous solutions to ensure your website maximizes profit during this time of year. Upgrade to Pro Cloudflare Pro offers unrivaled speed so your website loads as fast as possible ensuring your customers enjoy a good shopping experience. See how speed affects conversion rates below: Source When experiencing slower load times customers get impatient and move on to another e-comm website that can meet their needs faster. In other words, a slow website can cost you ⅓ of your sales. Need even more speed? Bundle with Argo to maximize speed. Argo routes traffic through the fastest parts of the internet to ensure users load your website as fast as possible. The average Argo user sees a 30% increase in speed. Bundle Pro with Argo Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2024 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe