MIME-Version: 1.0
From: DataStax News <hello@datastax.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 28 May 2025 09:51:01 -0500
Subject: DataStax Officially Joins IBM
Message-ID: <113353336.50220295.1748443861745@abmktmail-batch1a.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_50220294_891545251.1748443861745"

Today marks a major milestone: The acquisition of DataStax by IBM is officially complete. 

We’ve long said there’s no AI without data. With IBM, we’ll build a portfolio of data and AI products that will accelerate your journey.

Our mission remains the same—partner with each of you to build and scale mission-critical applications. Whether you’re in the cloud, on premises, streaming, or somewhere in between—with IBM, we’ll bring even more reach, power, and innovation to you. 

This isn’t just a closing, it’s the beginning.

Thank you for your continued partnership—our teams will be reaching out. Please read the blog <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGatljC7WY6W7-bGQDSCUXD4Ko0fUzRcCd3w1bQvW_i0GwmUnllo8mU3ECCq-e_ZDg_GxDaxjo=> for additional details.

Regards,

Chet
Copyright 2025 DataStax. All rights reserved. Privacy policy <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGatljC7dYuC81gfmiYAgztevvyg6stdZ19cxHWjJZcvB60rlzXKjVvCFOu-z1-KFy38mi1fsk=>. 
 
 
 DataStax Worldwide HQ is located at 2755 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054, United States. VAT AB123456789 

 

 This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGatljC7WgNSUD2JzvlCxwyJLmu3tFAVDAFh1IlfXcKv3wqxeS8Ot6ZL7WuZEL8vy6cu6NXCWo=> or change your preferences <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGatljC7WgNSUD2JzvlCxwyJLmu3tFAVDAFh1IlfXcKv3wqxeS8Ot6ZL7WuZEL8vy6cu6NXCWo=> at any time.

This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe or change your preferences here: https://pages.datastax.com/email-preference-center.html
