MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Ben Lower <ben@ultravox.ai>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 27 Feb 2026 10:36:04 -0600
Subject: Welcome to Ultravox!
Message-ID: <1296942554.4528378.1772210164697@sjmktmail-trigger1g.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_4528377_1392958773.1772210164696"

Hey Skogix,

Welcome to Ultravox! This is the first of three emails I will send to help you get on your way to using Ultravox to create agentic voice AI apps and experiences.

You're now just minutes away from creating your first voice AI agent. Our customers are already using Ultravox to build AI assistants that:


	- Offer 24/7 customer support in multiple languages
	- Provide personalized concierge services
	- Make outbound sales calls
	- And lots more!
Agent Quickstart: Create your first Voice AI Agent in 2 Minutes with NO CODE

Build your first agent right now! Step-by-step instructions on how to create and test an agent right in your browser using the Ultravox web console...no coding required!

Agent Quickstart → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgPu3Dz8mOaP7bmgDko6E_3JIXXeYDYLc-2ZW8pDDo8oYDgKYLLcpr7Vtr_ZlC10gds_bj6Hs=>
2-Min Quickstart: Add Voice AI to a Web Application
The easiest way to see how the Ultravox SDK can be used to add real-time voice AI conversations to web apps. You'll just need an Ultravox API key to add to the provided HTML file.

Web Quickstart → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgPu3D0I4YOZ8Vikylt_CVGMgcjOTV51wd5KEba3vxreSJyXiJBJo00JTKXsfVeTicd_95jLU=>
3-Min Quickstart: Make an Outbound Voice AI Call with Twilio
If you've got a Twilio account, you can start making outbound phone calls using your Ultravox voice agent today! Use our sample code and add your own Twilio account details and Ultravox API key.

Outbound Call Quickstart → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgPu3D0LLOCr_QQnmmdvYDaiqM9HGMJa4_CnS-Opy7kYW7VIuKLu_f_LANHfuOrVuXBhFRxfw=>
Understanding Plans and Pricing

You can spend as much time as you need testing and fine-tuning your agent prompt, as calls initiated via the "Test Agent" button in the web application are unlimited and free of charge. Every new Ultravox account also comes with 30 minutes of free calls that you can use once you've integrated Ultravox with your application, phone number, website, or anywhere else you want the power of agentic voice AI.

After you've used your free call time, additional calls are just $0.05/minute (the lowest standard rate in the industry) on our Pay-As-You-Go plan. Additional paid subscription plans that increase usage limits and remove hard caps on call concurrency are also available.

Ultravox Pricing → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgPu3D0KLcjYIp-0sFJMFyFDNx6mvpRF0Fxqf51k6nXG0Bv3M3LUyOcIE6LndUgjSPcdbLqgw=>
You can contact our support team via email at support@ultravox.ai <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgPu3D0G59LTp8AnyAfQzy3Qolkxspm0FcyoM0reKMtpMvLRsdrvAadZWzubpJKCGM2QFIe4g=> if you have feature requests, need more time to evaluate the API, or have ideas on how we could make Ultravox more useful.

We're glad to have you along for the journey!

Ben
Ultravox by Fixie.ai, Inc 
 You received this messsage because you've subscribed to emails from Ultravox. Click here <https://go.ultravox.ai/unsubscribe.html> to unsubscribe.

This email was sent to emil@skogsund.se. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe here: https://go.ultravox.ai/unsubscribe.html?mkt_unsubscribe=1&mkt_tok=NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgPu3D0CxIrDB3WDP6ntXGcdE7BalVm5mZjz5ZCQTcJS42v45351C4IdmTCrmoI7To2Ov1gNq-114OaeQWQekVCJXC-j40rdr3CW0.
