MIME-Version: 1.0
From: DigitalOcean <team@info.digitalocean.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2024 13:13:58 -0600
Subject: DigitalOcean Deploy | January 21-22, 2025
Message-ID: <1374816544.263499879.1734549238273@abmktmail-batch1a.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_263499878_2138730802.1734549238272"

Learn how to scale with simplicity at Deploy,﻿ where AI devs and businesses gather together﻿.
[ DigitalOcean Deploy | January 21-25, 2025 ] https://waves.digitalocean.com/MTEzLURUTi0yNjYAAAGXeimh-l0atxwQatbg7ueq9gVdVZYihdzeoVKsj2ikEtWx2HZj_YDQSZGV6mzraxRbMmpQCwg=
DigitalOcean Deploy
  Scale with simplicity.

&nbsp;
  Virtual Conference Registration →

DigitalOcean is proud to invite you to our annual conference, Deploy. Join us virtually or in-person in Austin, Texas January 21–22. Deploy brings together our community of builders to discuss the latest innovations in cloud technology and showcase tools that will help you scale with simplicity.&nbsp;
  &nbsp;
  What you can expect from Deploy 2025:&nbsp;
    Keynotes from thought leaders on the future of cloud infrastructure. Hands-on workshops and live demos to explore how DigitalOcean can accelerate your 2025 goals. Networking opportunities with like-minded developers and the DigitalOcean team.
Register now! https://waves.digitalocean.com/MTEzLURUTi0yNjYAAAGXeimh-l0atxwQatbg7ueq9gVdVZYihdzeoVKsj2ikEtWx2HZj_YDQSZGV6mzraxRbMmpQCwg=
[ Image ] https://waves.digitalocean.com/MTEzLURUTi0yNjYAAAGXeimh-l0atxwQatbg7ueq9gVdVZYihdzeoVKsj2ikEtWx2HZj_YDQSZGV6mzraxRbMmpQCwg=
Follow us:







Give $200, get $25. Refer a friend.
Trouble seeing this email? View it as a web page.
  &nbsp;
  Copyright DigitalOcean. All rights reserved.
101 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10013

[ Image ]

This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. You can update your email subscription preferences here: https://anchor.digitalocean.com/Email_Preferences.html?mkt_unsubscribe=1&mkt_tok=MTEzLURUTi0yNjYAAAGXeimh-vERd9PevarwD8EYsCcoy6emeYuz8XsIqnrt5HZ3tsYPXP5w_eAdhBi0bVyrS_B7X73HCzKxl_jaOfmw3e0QSANtGZlFx2ECM5LydP48.
