MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 16 Dec 2025 06:00:31 +0000
Subject: More prescriptive guidance for Zero Trust deployments
Message-ID: <15.08.51495.F75F0496@i-0c6581ae49f8075e3.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----HvgY/T2RgbvLYx9Q9UaObQ===_B4/08-51495-F75F0496"

More prescriptive guidance for Zero Trust deployments 4 options to get help configuring and deploying Zero Trust for your organization ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Support Options for Cloudflare Zero Trust Visit Zero Trust Dashboard Protecting your organization with Zero Trust and Security Service Edge (SSE) can be complicated. Here are 4 ways to get more guidance and support: 1. Watch demos Take a “test drive” tour of the services in the Cloudflare Zero Trust dashboard through our interactive demo. Tour dashboard > 2. Review Cloudflare Docs Find tutorials, FAQs, and technical details about Zero Trust and other Cloudflare services. Explore Docs > 3. Engage with the Cloudflare Community Search and find a host of answers to common, and not so common, questions or post yourself to get responses from other customers and Cloudflare team members. Visit Community > 4. Chat with a support specialist Unlock the ability to chat directly with a Cloudflare team member or submit a ticket when you upgrade to the Zero Trust Standard plan. Upgrade plan > Reminder, you are currently on the Zero Trust Free plan which has limited seats, limited logging, limited DNS filtering network locations, and no chat or ticket support. Need help with implementation? Talk to a SASE Expert. Upgrade Plan Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 Unsubscribe