MIME-Version: 1.0
From: LastPass <replies@m.lastpass.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 21 May 2025 12:07:33 -0500
Subject: Passkeys have landed on mobile!
Message-ID: <1795363939.451024098.1747847253625@abmktmail-batch1h.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_451024096_735747791.1747847253625"

Create and save passkeys across devices with LastPass <div style="display: none; max-height: 0px; overflow: hidden;">&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;&zwnj;&nbsp;</div>
Access passkeys stored in LastPass across your devices
Passkeys are now available on mobile devices via the LastPass app! You can create and store passkeys for compatible apps and websites on your mobile device, in addition to any desktop browser where the LastPass extension is installed. This exciting update also means you can access and use your passkeys across any devices you use LastPass on, regardless of where you created them.
New to passkeys?
 
Makes sense, this is an emerging technology! But the use case is actually quite straightforward: passkeys are a simpler and more secure replacement for passwords. With LastPass, you can now manage passkeys right alongside the passwords in your vault, creating and using them seamlessly as you navigate your digital life.

 Learn more about how passkeys work > <https://lnk.lastpass.com/dc/GEuTBx0tyjJUUVMSjgntYYQt6B5qJfHbXxitrEvWsuGWclA_YzELVZr3nzCRQcYwZEn8dDd_b-KvEP43wDgPt4jtF5Cd9Yn_-E34V2tpJyR0Es2lIQMqWDS2yGLYDuY2nGdLqdYLp2aqlo1Q4L_02x7zsEs4X5xgxh3viQ6mKaDJDaIm_tkUwswZQhOerNsQX9kCjapa0afc6aFSjm1gyZKu3DIBeGQcQGZbIf5DyI8=/MTI5LU1TUS0wMzgAAAGaksk-b4qtYTS_wDge52t98Ix8QMJyjXcSDmgOFp6E8U9dyrLCjdPThCV0ERMJOM09kO0VGMg=>
Get started with passkeys
From desktop: If you’d like to opt-in to the beta on a desktop web browser, follow these simple steps:
1.
Open Account Settings in the vault.
2.
Find General Tab > Beta Features > Passkeys: Save and use passkeys.
3.
Click Update on the bottom and enter your master password to verify it’s you.
4.
Close and reopen your browser before adding your first passkey.
5.
Use the LastPass extension in your browser of choice to create, save, and log in with passkeys on sites that support them.
From mobile: 
iOS: From your mobile device, you will be prompted to create and store a passkey with LastPass the next time you are on a website or app that is compatible with passkey login. Simply follow the prompts, and you’ll be on your way!

Android: If you have enabled LastPass as your autofill service, you'll need to disable and reenable LastPass for passkeys to work:
Open your LastPass app > Settings > Tap on the Autofill slider.
This opens the Android autofill settings menu where you will need to choose and save the 'None' option to disable autofill on your device.
Reselect and save LastPass as your autofill option, allowing Android to recognize LastPass as a passkey provider.
We want your feedback:
Via desktop: In your LastPass extension menu, navigate to the Account tab > Report a bug.
Via mobile: In your LastPass vault, go to Settings > 
Submit an idea.
Beta tips and tricks:
Already turned on the Passkey Beta in your browser extension? You’re all set! Any passkeys saved to your vault are now available on your mobile device as well.
Passkeys are not a replacement for your master password. Passkeys will be managed alongside the passwords in your vault so you can use them with apps or websites that support passkeys.
Passkeys can only be used on apps or websites that support the industry-standard FIDO2 passkey authentication flow; many apps and websites do not support passkeys yet.
Interested in learning more? Check out these LastPass support articles <https://lnk.lastpass.com/dc/IXa7a3qCNsfykCKMTv6sTDCIe8FYVzfgoO_kC9QpX23nHl7qxpp7iQhj4Ci1C4INCn2ir4GIE65jRL_TAoGFk2ezEZoCHttl3I66nYCGbQCQL2VM11bo85i9vE04G_Y8ChZQYGK-VvNSut88mKTGYy1Ty3m5Am9-4De4UD8z1uLjFsgjrL0UzlylAwpCauOF552yTf2qs9TLY4ViF0WdVLVyUoIZuq1-1m8UVsgQCTyaBug8MLtCY5kWofAt1Ag1lHxGG6K0mM2YEoKR290E0fv3sNNALGJfZDS5tbEX7hDNSQiN96-dkQD0gUSteatSqdbikGKeSNKIUzBpwejVSA==/MTI5LU1TUS0wMzgAAAGaksk-b4qtYTS_wDge52t98Ix8QMJyjXcSDmgOFp6E8U9dyrLCjdPThCV0ERMJOM09kO0VGMg=> for additional information.

This email was sent to: emil.skogsund@gmail.com <https://lnk.lastpass.com/dc/KFP0SrUOhJjJ0PGyIHaXiouCbEVSIwBdA7FFOdEdP5U=/MTI5LU1TUS0wMzgAAAGaksk-b4qtYTS_wDge52t98Ix8QMJyjXcSDmgOFp6E8U9dyrLCjdPThCV0ERMJOM09kO0VGMg=>


 © 2025 LastPass. All rights reserved. LastPass Ireland Limited, Ella House 41.2 Merrion Square, Dublin 2 D02 NP96, Ireland
 <https://lnk.lastpass.com/MTI5LU1TUS0wMzgAAAGaksk-b7lSc8yjEkTGIl4ddGEgQi2gwxvJSuzr6HX8hE1XPPfAeIJFrfVoFzp3Qj7Rem5a_Lc=>
Unsubscribe <https://info.lastpass.com/unsubscribe.html>  |   View in browser <[[https://lnk.lastpass.com/v/MTI5LU1TUS0wMzgAAAGaksk-b1F6EgibpSi1YKcR8rscJKgDtsonX39J4gUkg0gPqmuGUVnZ_Lx4l8AAdgfYbgsRXlY=]]>  |  Privacy policy  <https://lnk.lastpass.com/MTI5LU1TUS0wMzgAAAGaksk-b563BTWyQNLFNJhzcrefXgVBlUvRtJ8ofhWAF-8St0cItXlN7GxMEyWpDid9vXx3c3o=>

&nbsp;
