MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2025 02:23:51 +0000
Subject: Congratulations on signing up to the Workers Paid Plan
Message-ID: <18.41.22437.73466C76@i-0739f65dc94ac0490.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----1sbTtAvNGCgL8PjYXQip8Q===_F7/41-22437-73466C76"

Congratulations on signing up to the Workers Paid Plan Learn how to build your Workers application and deploy it to Cloudflare's global network. ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Congratulations on signing up to the Workers Paid Plan With the Workers paid plan, you gain access to advanced features and developer tools with higher usage limits to give you the flexibility to scale and grow your application without breaking the bank. Launch Workers Dashboard With the Workers Paid plan, you have access to Workers KV: Global key-value storage for dynamic APIs and websites with high read volumes and low latency. Workers Trace Events Logpush: Send trace event logs to third-party providers. Includes 10 million requests per month (+$0.05 per million after). Cloudflare Queues: Add messaging functions with guaranteed delivery, data buffering, or Worker-to-Worker communication. D1 Database: Handle large user volumes with Cloudflare’s serverless database. Import, interact, or restore data within the last 30 days. Durable Objects: Build collaborative apps and real-time chat with transactional storage and consistent key-value management. Vectorize: Develop AI-powered applications with our globally-distributed vector database for machine learning and semantic search. Additional Resources Check out more Workers tutorials here Join the Cloudflare Developer Discord for tips and community insights. Launch Workers Dashboard Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe