MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Play <googleplay-noreply@google.com>
To: Emil.Skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 06 Dec 2024 12:52:19 -0800
Subject: Your Google Play Order Receipt from Dec 6, 2024
Message-ID: <186450da28eb675f2a500ee3b9b0705f14d5df26-10044049-111213542@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="000000000000d4a94b0628a0306a"

Google Play


Thank you


You have signed up for a trial subscription from Google Commerce Limited on  
Google Play. Your trial will end on Jan 6, 2025. You will be automatically  
charged the subscription cost (currently 255,00 kr/month) at the end of  
your trial unless you cancel. You can cancel at any time. Manage your  
subscriptions

To help keep your subscription active, add a backup payment method.


Add backup


Order number: SOP.3362-8322-3974-45040
Order date: Dec 6, 2024 9:52:17 PM GMT+1
Your account: Emil.Skogsund@gmail.com


Item Price


Google One AI Premium (Google One) (by Google LLC) 0,00 kr

Auto-renewing subscription



Total: 0,00 kr

(Includes VAT of 0,00 kr)


Payment method:

Mastercard-9507



Google Commerce Limited
Gordon House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland


Withdrawal Rights: Please find information on the right of withdrawal in  
the attached Terms of Service.


Legal Guarantee: If you're an EEA-based consumer of digital content,  
services, or goods, and you've agreed to our Terms of Service, then EEA  
consumer laws provide you with a legal guarantee. Under this guarantee,  
we're liable for any lack of conformity that you discover:


within two years of the delivery of goods or the one-time supply of digital  
content or services
at any time during the “continuous” supply of digital content or services

Your national laws may provide an even longer guarantee. Your rights under  
these legal guarantees aren't limited by any other commercial guarantees  
that we provide. If you want to make a guarantee claim, please contact us.


Refunds: If your purchase doesn't work properly or doesn't match its  
description on Google Play, you can request a refund on the Google Play  
website. You can also get support directly from the developer of the app  
based on a warranty they might offer. If you have a question about the app,  
it will often be quicker to contact the app developer directly. You can  
find an app developer's contact information on the app's detail page on  
Google Play.

Compatible Devices: Please refer to this information about compatible  
devices.

Need help? Visit the Google Play help center or contact Google at  
0201203096 or play-eu-support@google.com


By subscribing, you authorize us to charge you the subscription cost (as  
described above) automatically, charged to the payment method provided  
until canceled. Learn how to cancel. Keep this for your records.



Google Play

All your entertainment in one place, available anywhere. Learn more ›



See your Google Play Order History.

View the Google Play Refund Policy and the Terms of Service.


© 2024 Google | All Rights Reserved.
Google Commerce Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland

Please don't reply to this email, as we are unable to respond from this  
email address. If you need support, visit the Google Play Help Center.


