MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Larian Studios Gazette <gazette@larian.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 06 Sep 2023 22:35:47 +0000
Subject: PlayStation, it’s party time - Baldur's Gate 3 is now out on PS5!
Message-ID: <202306092235.l0d2o4mmzg3bj@is.d.sender-sib.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="-------?=_50555-9092994450553"

[ View in browser](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/mr/sh/7nVTPdZCTJDXPW146AuPdWypkU3hWZX/6WQ7svDmf60v)

PlayStation, it’s party time - Baldur's Gate 3 is now out on PS5!
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Baldur’s Gate 3 is out now on PS5! Welcome to the party, PlayStation players – it’s time to venture forth into Faerûn. Watch the PS5 Launch Trailer, narrated by the Forgotten Realms’ own Shadowheart:

[**Get Baldur’s Gate 3 on PlayStation 5 here**](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2nfuMSjMg7xrCxU0njUERBfH/5I6phwEpNzXx)

Built for PS5
-------------

In a post on the PS Blog this week, we posed an important question: “How exactly do you translate an uncompromising RPG to a controller without it feeling like eating a wet hotdog?”

 

The answer: Baldur’s Gate 3 has been built for the PS5 from day one, and much work has gone into delivering the game’s complexities in just a few buttons and triggers. Using the PlayStation 5 DualSense Controller, access to actions, spells, long rests and items becomes a matter of muscle memory.

 

[Check out our post in the PS Blog](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2nfwFSFrz6X5ezqKbtqjDvbn/m0o2IfjeRABl), where we go into more detail about features like Lightbar reactivity and various controller scheme options.

Cross-Save Support
------------------

With cross-save support, you can take your PC playthrough from your desk to the comfort of your couch! All you need is a Larian account – no paid subscriptions required.

Xbox & Mac
----------

An official Mac release is planned for later this month – more details to follow.

 

Baldur’s Gate 3 will come to Xbox later this year and will feature split-screen co-op on the Series X, as well as cross-saves between PC, PS5 and Xbox.
 

© 2023 WIZARDS OF THE COAST. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. WIZARDS OF THE COAST, BALDUR’S GATE, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, D&D, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LOGOS
ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF WIZARDS OF THE COAST LLC

 

© 2023 LARIAN STUDIOS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. LARIAN STUDIOS IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ARRAKIS NV, AFFILIATE OF LARIAN STUDIOS GAMES LTD.

 

ALL COMPANY NAMES, BRAND NAMES, TRADEMARKS AND LOGOS ARE THE PROPERTY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS.

 

**Our mailing address is:**[**Gazette@larian.com**](mailto:Gazette@larian.com)

 

Want to change how you receive these emails?

You can update your preferences or [unsubscribe from this list](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/un/sh/7nVTPdbLJ2bPbn7BAFDs4dOayv0lyBn/38c4aH89vt-F).

