MIME-Version: 1.0
From: NetBird <hello@netbird.io>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2024 14:04:31 +0000
Subject: Important: Privacy Policy Update Effective September 25, 2024
Message-ID: <202425091404.32rbm7pd8mkvj@shared-p100-i7.d.sp1-brevo.net>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="-------?=_76779-7396404194732"

[NetBird Logo](https://az5n7.r.sp1-brevo.net/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsDg0aYLa89CDFKOoFeboM/MkXI2-E6caTE)

Dear NetBird User,

We are excited to introduce a new AI-powered feature in the NetBird administrative dashboard. Along with this feature, we've made key changes to our Privacy Policy to ensure transparency and compliance with data processing regulations.

These changes, effective from September 25, 2024, include updates on how we collaborate with OpenAI and use AI-driven features. This new feature will enter a beta testing phase and is not yet available for general use by all customers.

Our Approach to AI and Data Usage

To enhance our AI features, we are collaborating with OpenAI, L.L.C. to support functionalities such as access control policies, grouping, and posture checks. Rest assured, no personal data will be shared with OpenAI. The information shared with OpenAI is strictly anonymized or non-personal and is utilized solely for the purpose of improving our product’s functionality and ensuring an optimal user experience during the beta phase. For more details about how OpenAI collects and uses data, visit the [OpenAI Privacy Policy](https://az5n7.r.sp1-brevo.net/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsE8LIklyUF7NVOEC4dLWQ/3ALtjS8yWiIU).

Additionally, we improve our products and advertising by using Microsoft Clarity to see how you use our website. We partner with Microsoft Clarity and Microsoft Advertising to capture how you interact with our website through behavioral metrics, heatmaps, and session replays. For more details about how Microsoft collects and uses your data, visit the [Microsoft Privacy Statement](https://az5n7.r.sp1-brevo.net/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsEag0xCMqL2XlS3Ztc5EU/vRlbHw8b_NWe).

Updated Privacy Terms

The key updates to our Privacy Policy include:

- Processor Addition: OpenAI has been added as a processor to support the new AI feature.
- Data Privacy: No personal data will be shared with OpenAI. Only anonymized usage data relevant to users of this feature will be processed.
- Microsoft Clarity: We use Microsoft Clarity to help us understand how users interact with our website, so we can continue improving your experience and our services.

These changes will take effect on September 25, 2024. For more details, you can review the full [Privacy Policy](https://az5n7.r.sp1-brevo.net/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsF30j9clCQxi1VsxiaowY/oOeXnUavcVLG).

If you have any questions or need further assistance, please write an email to feedback@netbird.io or simply reply to this email.

Best regards,
Team NetBird

Note: This is a legal notification regarding changes to our Privacy Policy. You are receiving this email because these changes may affect your account.

Wiretrustee UG (haftungsbeschränkt). Jagerstrasse 32, 10117, Berlin, Germany

