MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Vrushank from Portkey <vrushank.v@portkey.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 26 Mar 2025 06:37:50 +0000
Subject: LLMs in Prod: Routing
Message-ID: <20250326063750.f315fdb34ebf69e2@cio92640.portkey.ai>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="8fec7c755be74d819c2cf847131ee03f3181b9cd6fb690d77a2eec254d27"

Portkey Virtual Keys

Portkey Banner

Hey Emil,

Today's email is a bit longer than usual, but stick with me—it's PACKED with powerful features that'll make
your app much more performant & reliable.

This becomes super important in this day and age of fickle consumers; and with alternatives a click away -
rock solid reliability becomes a non negotiable. Even minor hiccups on prod are a no-no.

Configs to the rescue
---------------------

These are simple JSON objects that make request orchestration a breeze. Set up fallbacks, retries, load
balancing, and caching in
just a few lines of code.

A few examples :

* Fallbacks: Auto-switch on failures, potentially slashing error rates from 8% to 0.2%

{
"strategy": {
"mode": "fallback"
},
"targets": [{
"virtual_key": "openai-virtual-key",
"override_params": {
"model": "gpt-4o"
}
},
{
"virtual_key": "anthropic-virtual-key",
"override_params": {
"model": "claude-3.5-sonnet-20240620"
}
}
]
}
* Load Balancing: Spread traffic across different providers

{
"strategy": {
"mode": "loadbalance"
},
"targets": [
{
"virtual_key": "openai-virtual-key",
"weight": 0.75
},
{
"virtual_key": "azure-virtual-key",
"weight": 0.25
}
]
}
* Caching: Serve matching (simple or semantic) requests from cache, saving up to 60% in
costs and making responses up to 25x faster.

"cache": {
"mode": "semantic",
"max_age": 60
}

There's a LOT more you can do with our configs, check out our docs for more examples:

🔗
Configs ( https://docs.portkey.ai/docs/product/ai-gateway/configs?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+4&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io )
Using a config with a request is also super easy:

# Python example, we support JS, Go, Java and more
portkey = Portkey
( api_key="PORTKEY_API_KEY",
config="pc-***" # Supports a config id or a config object )


Try it out now:

Create a config ( https://app.portkey.ai/configs/create?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+4&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io )

Team Portkey

Need help? Feel free to reply to this email or hop onto our Discord ( https://discord.gg/portkey-llms-in-prod-1143393887742861333?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+4&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io )

If you don't want to receive onboarding emails, you can unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgTf5QgAAKB4n3gBldEr5CaClMn8ClDGyPXW ) here.