MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Larian Studios Gazette <gazette@larian.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Mon, 15 Dec 2025 21:45:24 +0000
Subject: Larian Gazette - Divinity: Original Sin 2
Message-ID: <202515122145.si2404mmzg3bj@ps.d.sender-sib.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="-------?=_53405-3751814608837"

[ View in browser](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/mr/sh/7nVTPdZCTJDXPW146AuPdWypkU3hWZX/0hh0Qf8X8GL3)

ISSUE NO. 29

LARIAN STUDIOS NEWSLETTER

12/2025 


**Divinity: Original Sin 2 is now available on Switch 2, PS5 and Xbox Series X|S! **
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From the team that brought you *Baldur’s Gate 3*, critically-acclaimed role-playing game *Divinity: Original Sin 2* is now available on the latest generation of consoles! Immerse yourself in the world of Rivellon, and forge your path to godhood - alone or together. 


*The Divine is dead. The Void approaches. And the powers lying dormant within you are soon to awaken. The battle for Divinity has begun. *


**Divinity: Original Sin 2 FAQ**
--------------------------------


####**Do I have to have played the previous games in the *****Divinity *****series to play *****DOS:2*****? **


*DOS:2* is a standalone game and can be experienced on its own, but we will always recommend trying out *Divinity: Original Sin* for the best experience! 


**Do I need to play *****Divinity: Original Sin 2 *****ahead of the newly announced *****Divinity *****title?**


*Divinity *will offer a completely new story, but there's some continuity and characters for those who’ve played previous games. You might even pick up on certain things others may not!


####**Does *****Divinity: Original Sin 2***** feature multiplayer?** 


Yes! You can play alone, in online multiplayer, or with couch co-op. 


####**What is *****Divinity: Original Sin 2 *****about?**


In a world where the Gods are dead, you play a wielder of forbidden magic, quarantined in the prison colony of Fort Joy. The Magisters of the Divine Order want to "cure" you of your powers. But the Order has secrets of its own. Secrets that threaten everyone. If the world remains godless, chaos will rule.


####**What races can I play?**


There are five playable races to choose from, each with its own abilities and tags: Human, Elf, Dwarf, Lizard, and Undead.


####**Does *****Divinity: Original Sin 2 *****use the same character creation and combat system as *****Baldur’s Gate 3*****? **


No, *DOS:2 *uses its own classless character building and combat system. You will have the freedom to completely customise your character, creating your own class, as well as stats, abilities, talents, and skills. You can also choose one of our pre-set classes to help you get the hang of things!


####**I already own *****DOS:2 *****on Switch, PS4, or Xbox One. How do I upgrade?**


Depending on your platform, you’ll need to navigate to their game store front and search for the *DOS:2* Upgrade Pack, which you’ll be able to download for free! If you would like to upgrade your copy of *Divinity: Original Sin 2* from Nintendo Switch to Nintendo Switch 2 or from PS4 to PS5 and are based in Japan, the upgrade will cost ¥100. 


####**Is***** DOS:2 *****a remaster? **


It’s not a remake or a remaster; this is your way to experience the classic* DOS:2* on the current generation of consoles! 


###**Up for a more *****analogue***** gameplay experience?** 
Take a look at *Divinity Original Sin: The Board Game* in the [Larian Merch Store](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2ng01RIsb3fYZ4YyEEZinPUp/5ZSRkF2Y-7ne)! 


###Learn more about Larian’s next game, ***Divinity***, by clicking [here](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2ng3nQLtD0o1T9HbqZIiMtNr/YDMoeavUN55B).


####FOLLOW US

[Privacy Policy](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/WCPzyXJTZ7QWD2wbCzS1dTm4h9ZeK4ah/GfAVk7xuOb4A "Larian Privacy Policy")

© 2025 Larian Studios. Larian Studios, Divinity, and the Larian Studios logo(s) are registered trademarks of Larian Studios Games Limited affiliates. All rights reserved.


Want to change how you receive these emails?

You can update your preferences or [unsubscribe from this list](https://6ev0t.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/un/v2/sh/7nVTPdbLJ2bPbn7BAFDs4dOayv0lyBn/rumvk-pPOWzi "Unsubscribe from Newsletter")

