MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Vrushank from Portkey <vrushank.v@portkey.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 27 Mar 2025 06:37:55 +0000
Subject: Portkey is Better with Teammates
Message-ID: <20250327063755.28ec8b25a053f0c2@cio92640.portkey.ai>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="92f5311854ba6a3fe8d934fa453a01f35cccbbd641aba9d928e8711fda29"

Portkey Banner

Hey Emil,

We recommend you invite your team-mates over to Portkey at this stage. It really helps:

* Seamless Collaboration: View logs, debug requests, and experiment seamlessly - eliminating dependencies
* Shared Prompt Library: Invite your prompt engineers to create and refine prompts - all version controlled
* Unified Dashboard: Give your PMs visibility into LLM performance and usage across projects

The best part is that we do not impose any seat limits whatsoever. Plus, you control access with our comprehensive RBAC.

Invite Team ( https://app.portkey.ai/settings/users?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+5&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io )

Team Portkey

Need help? Feel free to reply to this email or hop onto our Discord ( https://discord.gg/portkey-llms-in-prod-1143393887742861333?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+5&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io )

PS: Here's a quick message you can share with your team to invite them to Portkey:

Hi Team,

We're exploring Portkey to enhance our AI operations. Here's what it offers:

- Managing LLMs: One API for 200+ LLMs. Swap models & setup loadbalancing w/o changing code.

- Experimenting: Try new models, tweak prompts, setup fallbacks, caching etc without redeploying. Just change a config.

- Visibility on costs and performance: Real-time stats on 40+ metrics.

- LLM hallucination: Guardrails to keep LLM outputs in check

To help evaluate:

* Check out the docs ( https://docs.portkey.ai/?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+5&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io )
* Sign up for Portkey ( https://app.portkey.ai/signup?cr_email=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb20%3D&utm_campaign=20240917_Onboarding_v2&utm_content=Email+5&utm_medium=email_action&utm_source=customer.io ) or check your email for an invite link.

If you don't want to receive onboarding emails, you can unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgTf5QgAAKB4n3gBldZSUXRNdx_zEj1ybL8L ) here.