MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2025 17:27:24 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new ˎˊ˗  search by colour 🎨, add cover images to spaces 🏞️, AI assistant improvements!
Message-ID: <20250228172724.bc8c7cd4d9c400b9@cio88128.fabric.so>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="e2d0b755144a109ec880e4195cddaf4d15215bc1bca6fa179c1c2868d45b"

Hey!

Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

 

Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ) is your second brain 🧠 and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your projects, ideas, files, notes, and links.

 

✨ More new updates today: 

 🎨  Search your library by colour

Search all your images by color – just paste a color code or select freely with the color picker!

Explore your designs, photos and visual inspiration more easily than ever.

 🏞️  Add a cover image to any folder or space

Set a mood for a space, for yourself or any collaborators. Make your Fabric totally yours 🧑‍🎨

 💬 Your AI assistant now has more power to analyse and answer about any file

It's now a better companion for thinking, summarising and answering your questions. Just ask!

 ⏰ In case you missed it:

• We're now in the Android and iOS app stores :)

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• We've updated the look and feel of the app, including improved navigation and more personalization, like custom emojis and descriptions for any space or folder.

  

>>>> Get the latest Fabric here ( https://fabric.so/home ) 👈

 

also... we're hiring brand ambassadors for TikTok and Instagram – learn more and apply here ( https://fabric.so/company/creator-program )

 

 

and we're working on more big changes.

 

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

 

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric ( http://fabric.so/ )

 

 
you're receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Fabric

 

unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSEuAgDAL2SArySAgGVTZk_8ovZPgWxKiXuWkE= )