MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Misha from NetBird <hello@netbird.io>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 14 Jan 2025 15:04:18 +0000
Subject: NetBird's January Newsletter
Message-ID: <202514011504.3i7ki7pd8mkvj@ag.d.mailin.fr>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="-------?=_21292-4678630954135"

[NetBird](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsDg0aYLa89CDFKOoFeboM/VgBdSznv7_Vf)

NetBird’s January Newsletter

Hello NetBird Community! 👋

2024 has been an incredible year for us, full of exciting milestones, new features, and an amazing €4M Seed Round. In this special edition newsletter, we’re looking back at how much we’ve grown and celebrating the big wins.

---------------------------------------------------------------

Feature Spotlights

We brought more control to access policies with Posture checks.

Posture checks enhance network protection by implementing automated assessments of a device’s security status before granting network access. Learn more [here](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsE8LIklyUF7NVOEC4dLWQ/b1agKuie6e32).

We launched our Dashboard V2.

It is faster, more responsive, and has a great new look. It’s also more intuitive and easier to use. Learn more at [app.netbird.io](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsEag0xCMqL2XlS3Ztc5EU/uiAOiXx1Q4B1).

We made a lot of improvements to Routed Networks.

We released exit-nodes, domain routes, and access control support. We also introduced the new Networks concept to facilitate the configuration. Learn more [here](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsF30j9clCQxi1VsxiaowY/eY7aK8aL5320).

We brought Security for All - SSO and MFA for Free

Two essential features are available at no additional cost to all Cloud users. Learn [more](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsFVLRM39YWssHZiLXZYec/0UTuE5TDAkBk).

---------------------------------------------------------------

Community Spotlights

We are so grateful for every one of you who decided to use NetBird to secure your network in 2024 and we thank you for:

* the 82 contributors
* 11.8K GitHub Stars
* growing the Slack channel to over 2250 members

---------------------------------------------------------------

Media Roundup

📝 Jump Hosts. Gateways for Remote Access

Learn about jump hosts, their purpose, implementation, and the problems they solve in network security.

📖[Read here](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsFxg9YTXuco2XdXjMYIMg/dlqZddXme3_Y)

📝 Open-Source Zero Trust Networking

See how NetBird brings Zero Trust networking to companies making it more accessible and affordable.

📖[Read here](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsGQ0rktwGijCnhN7BX24k/XiSBS-Y3ljQd)

📝 NetBird's Identity Provider feature

Learn how NetBird's IdP-Sync feature automates network access management and automatically provisions users and groups

📖[Read here](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/cl/f/sh/1t6Af4OiGsGsLZxKKcoeN3lCV0Vlmo/1LiEnmJaliKQ)

---------------------------------------------------------------

🎉 Closing Note

A lot has happened in the past 12 months and we want to express our deepest gratitude for all the love and trust we've gotten from the community.

Here's to 2025! I'm excited to see what the new year brings.

Until next time,
Team NetBird

You received this email because you’ve signed up at app.netbird.io.
Wiretrustee UG, Jägerstrasse 32, 10117, Berlin, Germany.
If you no longer wish to receive emails, [click here to unsubscribe](https://az5n7.r.a.d.sendibm1.com/mk/un/sh/1t6AVsdYhqSR1hOc3OlFOkjyVnNvYU/kVKxcguvqv9k).

