MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 17 Jul 2025 16:50:04 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗  📝 brand new text editor + 🪄 AI document transforms + fast creation UI ⚡️
Message-ID: <20250717165004.ec721d612334885d@cio88128.fabric.so>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="5abc2965576d0614e7c4e28991188a3036ad70c382fb2d6637605acb2d34"

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ).

Lots of big updates this week!

 

Quick reminder:

Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ) is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your projects, memories and ideas.

 

✨ Let's get into it: 

 📝  A complete overhaul of Fabric's text editor 

It was a lot of work, but we've changed everything here. New things:

• Clean & minimal UI

• Drag to reorder blocks

• Powerful selection & transformation menu

• Outlining capability with indention and different bullets

• Quick linking to your other Fabric content (just tap [[)

• New mobile UI

 
📄  Assistant document transforms

Fabric AI assistant can now directly make changes to your text document!

Preview the changes before applying them.

No more copy-pasting from ChatGPT!

 ⚡️ New creation UI 

We want to make Fabric the world's fastest way to capture ideas and important info
– and now it's just one tap to start writing a note, or to record a voice note. 

 ⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description, cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just search "Fabric"

  

>>>> Get the latest Fabric here ( https://fabric.so/home ) 👈

 

 

 

and we're working on more big changes.

 

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

 

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric ( http://fabric.so/ )

 

earn a 30% recurring commission on every customer you refer to Fabric!

sign up for free here ( https://fabric.so/company/affiliates )

 
you're receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Fabric

 

unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSEuAgDAL2SArySAgGYGUsFZbq-ostWSjYDTNg= )