MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 23 Sep 2025 19:36:35 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗ 🗣️ Desktop voice notes and screenshots 📸 + 🔍 desktop search and new quick menu 🪄
Message-ID: <20250923193635.2bf51839aee9d704@cio88128.fabric.so>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="3d491faded72e816eeccd0040d3bfcbe73fd72e0616ecb91c46b2bc7ed73"

Psst... love Fabric?

Want to be a part of building Fabric and help imagine the future of personal computing?

Learn more here – we're hiring Frontend/UI Engineers ( https://fabric.so/p/software-engineer-frontend-4qoGOvVGybaNVjEMqhHOjG )

 
Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

 

Quick reminder:

Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ) is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your memories, ideas, and projects.

 

✨ Let's get into it: 

 🗣️ New! Desktop voice notes

Now you can make voice notes straight from your computer desktop.

Just choose it from the menu, or press the shortcut.

Capture your ideas at the speed of thought ⚡️

 📸 New! Desktop screenshot

• Make screenshots directly from your computer desktop into Fabric.

• Choose it from the menu or press the shortcut, and then just drag to capture a region of your screen.

 🪄 New! Desktop quick menu

Access major Fabric features straight from your desktop menu bar!

Move even faster now, with Fabric desktop ⚡️

 🔍 Reimagined desktop search

We've reworked Fabric's desktop search experience, refreshing the UI and bringing all the capabilities of the web version to desktop.

This means:

• More view modes to explore your content with.
• External data sources results now show on desktop too.
• Much more space to see results, filling the entire screen.

Hope you enjoy!

 Plus, other improvements:

• Fixes to the text editor, with improved undo and bullet-lists.

• Better handling for text annotations without comments.

• More reliable exports.

• Solving issues where the app would crash to a white screen.

• Making the app faster and more reliable.

 
 

>>>> Get the latest Fabric here ( https://fabric.so/home ) 👈

 

 and we're working on more big changes.

 

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

 

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

 

johnny

founder @ fabric ( http://fabric.so/ )

 

 

you're receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Fabric

 

unsubscribe ( https://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSEuAgDAL2SArySAgGZeBPnr8ri_D2RS1OfoT4= )