MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 04 Sep 2025 18:06:53 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗  🎵 audio cards + ⚡️ 2x faster search + 🌎 publish any space or folder + 💬 AI chat with multiple folders
Message-ID: <20250904180653.e4a5d6e3e5e4b4a9@cio88128.fabric.so>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="27f21a511b2bb6cca747da05fd7d13f78a53988893b0a112c10c2204e1f2"

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

 

Quick reminder:

Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ) is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your projects, memories and ideas.

 

✨ Let's get into it: 

 🎵 New audio cards & improved voice notes

- We've made new cards for audio files, with generated waveforms for each.

- Much easier to work with audio and recognize a file.
- Also improved voice notes, so they play back more reliably across all platforms.

 ⚡️ Search is 2x faster

- Try it out! Now 2x faster (and sometimes more than that).
- We've been doing a lot of reengineering here and the improvements have been even bigger than we expected.

 

🌎 Publish any space or folder

- You can now publish an entire folder or space with Fabric.
- Any visitors can explore your content with built-in search, AI assistant, and download any of the contents (if you turn that on).

 
💬 Chat with multiple folders

- You can now directly add folders and spaces to the AI assistant's context.
- Ask your AI about any combination of folders, without needing to open them.

- Better for research, studying, or any project!

 ⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description, cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just search "Fabric"

  

>>>> Get the latest Fabric here ( https://fabric.so/home ) 👈

 

 

 

and we're working on more big changes.

 

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

 

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric ( http://fabric.so/ )

 

earn a 30% recurring commission on every customer you refer to Fabric!

sign up for free here ( https://fabric.so/company/affiliates )

 
you're receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Fabric

 

unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSEuAgDAL2SArySAgGZFejz6S8Kb3fzfrZCgMg= )