MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Daniele from Toolhouse <daniele@toolhouse.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 27 May 2025 16:56:43 +0000
Subject: Introducing Toolhouse RAG: Free Yourself From RAG Complexity
Message-ID: <20250527165643.9f7f53655b2b12d6@cio111031.toolhouse.ai>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="683b05ce057a14eb4e6363cf04c0c4e714eae10924bc7c89a8e9f29ba214"

*************************
Introducing Toolhouse RAG
*************************

For too long, you've struggled with complex RAG implementations, unnecessarily spending nights and weekends to make your knowledge available to your agents. You've built pipelines, debugged embedding issues, and managed vector stores—all while your actual product sat waiting.

That ends today.

Add RAG to your agents today ( https://join.toolhouse.ai )Free Yourself From RAG Complexity

Toolhouse RAG supports the most common file formats right out of the box. Upload any text-based file, like CSVs, rich text files, code, and PDFs. We will add more file formats soon, and we will support larger files as well.

Using Toolhouse RAG is simple. It all starts from the th rag command:

th rag create creates a RAG folder. You can create multiple folders.

Use th rag add to add one or more files to your folder. You can assign the same file to multiple folders.

Reference your rag folder by adding rag: (folder name) to your th file.

Read more ( https://docs.toolhouse.ai/toolhouse/using-rag )

****************
RAG For Everyone
****************

For a limited time, we're making Toolhouse RAG available to all users regardless of their plan.

Start living in a future where everyone can build agents quickly and with great ease.

- The Toolhouse Team

 

Sent by Toolhouse Technologies, Maxwell Ave, Oakland, CA.
If you want to live in the past, click Unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSDnQoDANsY2hgBlxKsu0TkQd-cpIPAM4fN )