MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 14 Aug 2025 18:46:01 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new! ˎˊ˗  📄 text annotations + ✨ big UI changes + ✉️ the email-to-Fabric update you asked for
Message-ID: <20250814184601.4c8b2dd8fa6040bb@cio88128.fabric.so>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="0710ef79d97beb03e7ee3658764eb05f70c136b5356cae8a33d968ffa093"

Hey, Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

Lots of big updates this week!

 

Quick reminder:

Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ) is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud ☁️

Remember everything. A home for all your projects, memories and ideas.

 

✨ Let's get into it: 

 📄 Text annotations

You can now make highlights and annotations on PDFs, notes, markdown files, and other common text files.

And just click the location tag in an annotation to hop to the relevant location in the document.

Great for feedback, making study notes, client review and more.

  ✉️ Email-to-Fabric now supports multiple addresses

A lot of you asked for this, and we've added it :)

Send content to your Fabric from any email address you want.

 ✨ New UI improvements

We've been working on making Fabric's UI simpler and cleaner.

You can now hide external search results (or adjust the width of that section).

And we've replaced the floating menu bar with a more helpful and polished version – where you can access AI actions and tagging more easily.

We hope you enjoy it!

 
⏰ In case you missed it:

• Fabric can now automatically transcribe your video and audio files.

• You can now customize your Fabric spaces with a description, cover images and an icon emoji 🎨

• You can now make voice notes directly into Fabric and they get transcribed into text by AI 🗣️

• Fabric now generates summaries for every file, and can even organize your content for you with Smart collections.

• We're now available in the iOS and Android app stores! Just search "Fabric"

  

>>>> Get the latest Fabric here ( https://fabric.so/home ) 👈

 

 

 

and we're working on more big changes.

 

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

 

appreciate you being on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric ( http://fabric.so/ )

 

earn a 30% recurring commission on every customer you refer to Fabric!

sign up for free here ( https://fabric.so/company/affiliates )

 
you're receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Fabric

 

unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSEuAgDAL2SArySAgGYqec78_DF6Xac-itYmJw= )