MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Kilo Code <hi@kilocode.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2025 21:10:23 +0000
Subject: Use Kilo Code with Your Team
Message-ID: <20251028211023.ab4fa2e8cc0a3c1e@cio127513.kilocode.ai>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="bd5b47845fdbc24e415f6de10672822c6ce27ed0f2fd5c03ba07326e0ce7"

Hi there,

We launched Kilo for Organizations, and now it's free to try!

It brings the features you need to scale AI adoption across your team, including:

💳 Centralized Billing
→ Buy and manage credits on behalf of your team.

🤖 Shared Team Modes
→ Define custom rules and modes and share them with the whole team.

👥 Team Management
→ Manage members with granular usage insights and reporting.

 Are you ready to try for yourself?

Claim a 30-day free trial for your organization (no credit card required)! The same open-source AI coding agent you love with transparent, at-cost AI usage pricing — now with powerful team collaboration features and enterprise-grade security and compliance.

Get Kilo for Teams — 30-day Free Trial ( https://app.kilocode.ai/get-started/teams )Thank you for being part of the Kilo Code community.

Happy coding!

– The Kilo Code Team

P.S. One more special treat: join our live AMA ( https://app.livestorm.co/kilocode/meet-the-founder-of-kilo-code-who-also-co-founded-gitlab ) with the founder of Kilo Code and co-founder of GitLab, Sid Sijbrandij, this Thursday, October 30.

Kilo Code, LLC
1209 Orange St
Wilmington, DE 19801, USA

You are receiving this email because you signed up for Kilo Code. To no longer receive these emails, you can unsubscribe:

unsubscribe ( https://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSQugsDAMkayBoBmiyoT9t39vFuKDJfqCIw )