MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Daniele from Toolhouse <daniele@toolhouse.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2025 15:00:18 +0000
Subject: 🎟️ bring your friends, earn $$$
Message-ID: <20250318150018.a21c1f42a945ff1b@cio111031.toolhouse.ai>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="04ee253be959716fef289da789db109576cb804de92eb0704f60a58674d6"

*************************************
🎟️ Bring your friends, earn $$$
*************************************

Hey there – big news! Toolhouse just launched VIP codes! You can now earn rewards every time you refer your friends to sign up for Toolhouse.

Here’s how it works:

Your personal VIP code is OGIUOA949. Share this code with your friends and fellow developers.

Head over to Settings ( https://app.toolhouse.ai/settings ) to find your code.

 

Share the code with your friends, your team, or other developers. The person you refer needs to simply enter this code at signup.

You get 100 executions for every signup, and each person you refer gets 500 executions!

--------------------------
More signups == more perks
--------------------------

In addition to Toolhouse executions, you can also claim swag rewards. We made it real nice, and you can earn up to a nice set of AirPods Max! If you prefer, you can choose to get a USD gift card instead.

Simply hit the referral tier and we’ll send you instructions to claim your reward. 

Number of Referrals
Bonus execs
Swag reward
Gift card equivalent

5
500
Sticker pack
$5

10
1,000
Embroidered t-shirt
$10

25
2,500
Baseball hat
$25

50
5,000
Embroidered hoodie
$50

75
7,500
Engraved Hydroflask with your name
$75

100
10,000
The North Face Backpack
$100

500
50,000
AirPods Max
$500

 

------------------
Many ways to share
------------------

Here’s a few ideas on how you can share your VIP code with your friends or teammates:

*
Clone an agent. Clone one of your agents or share one of our templates. Simply copy the link to an agent to share it with your friends.
* Share it with your team. Just share the word about Toolhouse on your engineering channels on Slack or Microsoft teams. #eng-discussions, #resources, #dev-tools, or even #random are good places to share us!
*
Create content. Blogs, tutorials, or short videos help spread the word. Put your VIP code in comments so everyone can see it!
* Give us a shoutout on social. Tag @ToolhouseAI on X or Toolhouse on Linkedin – we’re happy to boost great use cases and listed to feedback!

We made agent building painless and affordable for every developer – now we also made if fun and rewarding. We hope to see you stacking up rewards, while building useful agents for you or your team.

– The Toolhouse Team

 

Sent by Toolhouse Technologies, 3012 Maxwell Ave, Oakland, CA.
If you want to go back to the dark ages, click Unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSDnQoDANsY2hgBlanE2r4GlLKqTnCnB7GQ )