MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Nick Baumann <nickbaumann@cline.bot>
To: "emil.skogsund@gmail.com" <emil.skogsund@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, 24 Jul 2025 15:06:03 +0000
Subject: Instant inference via Cerebras, Kimi K2, & every model on HuggingFace
Message-ID: <202524071506.60sex313ewmrj@kc.d.sender-sib.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="-------?=_19395-8187125896925"

Hello!
 

Nick from the Cline team here. 

Cline is quickly becoming the best place to test the latest models as soon as they're released. Here are some of my favorites we've recently added:
 

**Cerebras - 2500 tokens per second** - We've added Cerebras as a provider, giving you access to **Qwen3-32B** with 64k context at speeds that feel instant. For context, this is **40x faster** than Sonnet-4. You can also use **Qwen3-235B-A22B**. [**Try it free with Cerebras.**](https://giq5o.r.ag.d.sendibm3.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2nfsTSXqc8XPoliRAj3Nrqyv/b74SXCHP3Dbd)

Quick note: we're hosting a hackathon with Cerebras next Saturday to explore what's possible with instant inference. [RSVP here](https://giq5o.r.ag.d.sendibm3.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2nfuMS4Lv76eGo4kytPseavR/G9mulKSwD8Ki).


*This video is not sped up (!)*


**Kimi K2** - We’ve been observing Kimi K2’s real-world performance in Cline. One thing really stands out: diff edit failure rates **match Sonnet-4** at 4% and outperform Gemini 2.5 Pro (10%). [More details](https://giq5o.r.ag.d.sendibm3.com/mk/cl/f/sh/7nVU1aA2nfwFRarE5fsiqR4n3mNRKrx/OAxTRlPaHrIL) on what we’re seeing with Kimi K2. 


**Qwen3-coder** - Alibaba just released their latest open source model, which is outperforming Kimi 2 on Artificial Analysis. We're seeing an interesting trend where open source models are converging on the performance of their closed source counterparts.


**HuggingFace playground** - Every text-generation model (6,140 models!) on HuggingFace is now accessible in Cline. If it's on HF, you can use it in Cline. 🤗
 

More to come soon :)
 

*-Nick*

