MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Daniele from Toolhouse <daniele@toolhouse.ai>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Mon, 09 Jun 2025 13:45:05 +0000
Subject: We just made Toolhouse 94% more affordable
Message-ID: <20250609134505.83b5127fdd407b48@cio111031.toolhouse.ai>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="884f1c2e50e509d7f6666919f188355a8b979b42ec325939a76556f5097c"

Today we’re excited to make Toolhouse more affordable for everyone.

We heard you, you need a platform that scales and that doesn’t make you incur into unwanted overages.

Noted.

Today, we unveil our improved pricing model to reflect that need.

---------------------------------
Free and unlimited MCP server use
---------------------------------

You read it right! Your agents can now call any MCP server, at any time, free of charge!

We will now only charge for successful agent runs

In Toolhouse, you build complete agents, and they become an API that you can call from anywhere.

Is this really cheaper? Let’s do the math

We tested our new pricing against one of the most resource-intensive use cases: deep research agents that make 10+ MCP server calls.

Old pricing (per run)
New pricing (per run)

MCP Server Calls
10 x $0.12
10 x $0

Agent Run
1 x $0
1 x $0.0078

Total Cost
$1.20
$0.0078

---------------------------------
What You Get With Every Agent Run
---------------------------------

When you build agents in Toolhouse, you're getting much more than tool calling. For the price of a run, you get:

* Unlimited MCP server runs
* Unlimited bundles
* Memory
* Stateful agents
* RAG
* Code Interpreter: let the LLM run any code in a secure cloud sandbox
* The best scraping tools in AI
* And for a limited time, free LLM tokens for your agents
* Private agents
When purchasing the Toolhouse Pro plan, each agent run is only $0.0078!

Pro plans start at just $39/month.

 

Why we’re making this change

From day one, our mission has been to democratize AI agents, just like how the assembly line made cars accessible to everyone. We've reached the scale where we can pass our cost savings directly to you.

Need more? We’re here.

We believe the startups of today will be the enterprises of the future. We want you to have peace of mind when using Toolhouse. We have volume discounts for:

Agencies ( https://toolhouse.ai/partners )

Startups & Students ( https://toolhouse.ai/startups )

If you want to learn more, check out the links above or join us on Discord.

We will always empower the next generation of businesses, providing a platform within everyone's reach.

- The Toolhouse Team

 

Sent by Toolhouse Technologies, Maxwell Ave, Oakland, CA.
If you want to live in the past, click Unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSDnQoDANsY2hgBl1Tv99oUxATRm-fe8hoA )