MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Johnny from Fabric <care@fabric.so>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 19:40:16 +0000
Subject: ˗ˏˋ new ˎˊ˗  AI voice notes 🗣️ + mobile apps just released!
Message-ID: <20250130194016.102b75b6ce640c8b@cio88128.fabric.so>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="05787ae3b0f98cbb95003f4a168e756251f36f370eaac95a05e2b860b2fe"

Hey! Johnny here, founder of Fabric.

 

Fabric ( https://fabric.so/ ) is your second brain and self-organizing personal cloud. Remember everything.

A home for all your projects, ideas, files, notes, and links.

 

This update is a huge one! We added:

• AI voice notes

• iOS and Android public app store release

• Support for 7 more types of files, making Fabric more useful then ever

• Major performance improvements, resulting in a lighter app and much faster uploads

Let’s get into it:

 

 🗣️  Voice notes with AI transcription.

– Get ideas out of your head, fast.

Watch the feature video here ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGqYIVqfuDk )

---

Just hold to record, and your voice instantly turns into editable and searchable text.

Perfect for capturing ideas on the go, in meetings, or at your desk.

Transform your recording into a summary, key points, to-do list, tweets, emails, and more with AI.

And find everything later in your smart library.

Plus, with built-in noise filtering, you'll always get beautifully clear audio.

---

Pro tip #1 – Hold + on mobile to instantly start a voice note.

Pro tip #2 – Hold the spinning tape at any point to pause recording.

---

P.s: I actually drafted this email as a voice note.

Try out AI voice notes now ( https://fabric.so/ )
  

📱 Fabric iOS and Android app – now in the App Store and Play Store!

We're so excited about this – the Fabric app is now available in both app stores!

 

The mobile app is pretty great:

Your second brain, now in your pocket. Access your entire digital world from wherever you are.

Instantly capture ideas, find anything in seconds, and collaborate with your team on the go.

From voice notes, to AI search, to Fabric assistant – it's all just a tap away.

---

⚠️ Please make sure to install from the app store (and remove the old app / leave the testing program) to make sure you stay up to date!

The test versions won't be getting updated from now on – just the official app store version :)

Get the iOS app ( https://apps.apple.com/app/fabric-your-digital-mind/id6449003046 )

Get the Android app ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=so.fabric.mobile&hl=en )
  

📘 We added support for more files.

– Fabric just became way more useful.

We're excited to add AI and preview support for a bunch of new file formats: 

📄 .md (markdown)

📄 .docx (Microsoft Word)

📄 .txt (text file)

📄 .html

📄 .json

🏞️ .avif

🏞️ .heic / .heif

 

This makes Fabric much more useful for your existing images, text documents, and writing from other apps.

All of these files work with Fabric's AI search, similarity feature and AI assistant.

---

We'll be adding text editor support for markdown and other text files in the future!

 
 

 

and we're still just getting started!

 

have some feedback? Just reply to this message :)

 

excited to have you on the journey with us.

johnny

founder @ fabric ( http://fabric.so/ )

 

 you're receiving this email because you opted-in to receive updates from Fabric

 

unsubscribe ( http://track.customer.io/unsubscribe/dgSEuAgDAL2SArySAgGUuLp5nv69JayWEszc3Kk= )