MIME-Version: 1.0
From: VMware <vmwareteam@connect.vmware.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 13 Sep 2022 06:02:28 -0500
Subject: Attend Our Webinar: Announcing the NEW i4i Instance Type for VMware Cloud on AWS
Message-ID: <2033108365.220114047.1663066948748@abmktmail-batch1m.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_220114046_900178127.1663066948747"

If you are having trouble reading this email, read the online version. <[[https://web.vmware.com/index.php/email/emailWebview?mkt_tok=MDQ4LVNaVy0wNDUAAAGG1Xx0hzZHo6O9EJj8vasywGN_QuFxdw7qOY9IxmbUkno1rkyqwRfplSMFbfYiGgcttF-cZ67udIs80RaGd4MJvcNMeDzcVwFBiVTeyowmAGjNETJm&md_id=84584]]>
VMware UK Limited. Flow 1 & 2, River Park Avenue, Staines-upon-Thames, TW18 3FA UK Tel 44-1276-414300  Registered in England and Wales. No. 6001046.  Registered address: 9th Floor, 107 Cheapside, London EC2V 6DN, UK.  Tel 44-1276-414300
 
 Copyright © 2022 VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. VMware is a registered trademark of VMware, Inc. The content and links in this email contain information intended solely for its named recipients and are not to be shared with third parties unless otherwise specified. 
 
 You are receiving this email because of your previous interactions with VMware. If you don’t want to receive commercial communications from VMware you can opt-out at any time by using the <a style="color: #0091DA; text-decoration: none;" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/ui/#/preferences/multipage/token/9e8618d1-88fd-4258-92d7-f9bf47cf3417/7A59O041ACTxzQtqEVLwrrobjDElI2aG4LdyOIbRPR4%3D">VMware Preference Center</a>
 
 Alternatively, to manage your profile, subscription preferences, and to unsubscribe from VMware commercial communications, please go to Customer Connect <https://marketing.vmware.com/MDQ4LVNaVy0wNDUAAAGG1Xx0h4zV9SwMXlfrJIyMU9NK8lMC59_xemaTPPdPvLy8SaiBCiZi1Y5OPSCeIY4gUUYIzAw=>. For more information on how VMware processes your personal data please see the VMware Global Privacy Policy <https://marketing.vmware.com/MDQ4LVNaVy0wNDUAAAGG1Xx0h9i-2irAj_Pi4hwiwAn9rRVM9VAXki038GT8jpwvIeRRj2R1Vn3iR6WKw0YWOwdCm10=>. 
 
 Please do not reply to this message. Replies to this message are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions, please contact <https://marketing.vmware.com/MDQ4LVNaVy0wNDUAAAGG1Xx0h8PrVYN4ubV7NXwLJo09kUsoGxb1m66g7pSRPhpv2z-1vpKrvmMjfeagAIm8T904JbY=> us.

.
