MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Search Console Team <sc-noreply@google.com>
To: Emil.Skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sat, 16 Nov 2024 03:31:50 -0800
Subject: Improve Google presence for skogix.org
Message-ID: <21bb43fe9d7573b3af2eadb090a1e5c9a56b9626-20079900-110470299@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="00000000000095c403062706070f"

Message type: [WNC-20079900]


Search Console

Improve Google presence for skogix.org


To: Webmaster of skogix.org

Google systems show that you recently verified this Domain property in  
Search Console. We have some tips to help you get the most from this free  
service to maximise your site performance on Google Search.


Get started


1
Get started with Search Console

Find out how to use Search Console, depending on whether you've got no  
time, some time or this is your main job. Find out how to use Search  
Console to monitor and improve your presence on Google Search.


Get started



2
Share access with co-workers

If you want other people to access your error reports and search analytics  
in Search Console, add them with the appropriate access levels.


Manage property users



Need more help?


• Find out about property verification and how to set permissions for other  
users.

• Ask questions in our forum for more help – mention message type  
[WNC-20079900].


Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043 | You've  
received this transactional email because your site is listed in Google  
Search Console | Unsubscribe from this type of message
Add partners who should receive messages for this Search Console account.




