MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Sat, 06 Dec 2025 21:25:24 +0000
Subject: Getting Started with Cloudflare Zero Trust Free
Message-ID: <22.57.62427.44F94396@i-03d7f6b18080c304a.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----WmbD2JLWvP2dkegTQhg5NA===_E1/57-62427-44F94396"

Getting Started with Cloudflare Zero Trust Free Review key next steps including adding a login method, connecting an app, setting policies, and configuring devices. Plus, access helpful resources. Welcome to Cloudflare Zero Trust Free Whether you’re building a proof of concept for a small team or an enterprise business, Cloudflare makes it easy to get started with Zero Trust and Security Service Edge (SSE). 5 steps to start your Zero Trust journey 1. Set up a login method Use a one-time PIN or connect one or more third-party identity providers (e.g. Okta). This is the login method(s) your users will utilize when authenticating to add a new identity to your Zero Trust setup. See Documentation Set Up Login Method 2. Connect an app Connect apps and services to Cloudflare with the lightweight app connector (Tunnel). This is the outbound-only daemon service that protects your corporate resources. See Documentation Connect an App 3. Set policies Secure inbound traffic to your resources (Access) by applying access rules based on user or user group actions and/or attributes. Apply policies to inspect outbound traffic to the Internet (Gateway) based on DNS, network, HTTP, and egress traffic. See Documentation Set Access Policies Set Gateway Policies 4. Define device enrollment permissions Determine which users can connect new devices to your Zero Trust instance. Policy examples include requiring a company email address or using service tokens rather than credentials to enroll a device. See Documentation Define Permissions 5. Prepare devices Download and deploy the device client (WARP) to enable device posture integrations, enforcement of DNS, network, or HTTP policies, and more. See Documentation Prepare Devices Helpful resources Explore learning paths and tutorials, like getting started with replacing your VPN. Read Cloudflare Docs for technical details. Join the Cloudflare Community to learn from experts and everyday users. Reminder, you are currently on the Zero Trust Free plan which has limited seats, limited logging, and does not include chat or ticket support. Login to change your plan at any time Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe