MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Zitadel Legal <legal@zitadel.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 07 May 2025 16:32:25 +0000
Subject: Updates to our Data Processing Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Sub-Processors
Message-ID: <27aa6e68.AMcAAGvJP0sAAAAkOggAAOlNxckAAAABPMkAAjFiABkIJQBoG4sZ@mailjet.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="=-F8acmQMlPeQ4tEU0gNAV"

Update to our legal agreements with you

View online version http://0wkkr.mjt.lu/nl3/q0JkGO3Za5KHddKbMKnvjQ?m=AMcAAGvJP0sAAAAkOggAAOlNxckAAAABPMkAAjFiABkIJQBoG4sZ45_pFaSBQPKB4uNKKAT11gAYXxc&b=27aa6e68&e=5a56b2c1&x=xcSoY2dt1FF07ggVCD2msupDyEQ4qQdSHKW_8QbPtUQ



<<ZITADEL - Cloud Native IAM>> [https://zitadel.com]



Updates to our Data Processing Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Sub-Processors
Dear all,

We have recently updated our Data Processing Agreement (DPA), our Privacy Policy, and our list of sub-processors for ZITADEL. Please find the key changes outlined in this email. 
Why we are making these changes

Our Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and Privacy Policy have received a comprehensive update. We strive to provide the highest quality of service and support to our customers and users. Providing this quality on a global scale and across timezones requires us to share information across legal entities and use third-party providers where feasible. Our expended business operations have resulted in a broader exposure of international privacy laws and industry specific regulations. We make these changes to improve  transparency and compliance to international privacy laws.
Updated Data Processing Agreement

We completed a comprehensive review of our Data Processing Agreement [https://zitadel.com/docs/legal/data-processing-agreement]. Most important changes include the provisions around Data Transfers, US Data Protection Laws and involvement of sub-processors.

To the extent that the transfer of Personal Data from Customer to Zitadel involves a transfer of Personal Data to a jurisdiction which is not subject to an adequacy determination by the European Commission, United Kingdom or Swiss authorities (as applicable) that covers such transfer, then the SCCs are incorporated into the DPA.

The updated DPA clarifies the notification procedures for involving sub-processors. Additionally, we  included dedicated provisions for US Data Protection Laws.
Updated Privacy Policy

Our privacy policy [https://zitadel.com/docs/legal/policies/privacy-policy] was updated to provide further transparency for users that interact with us. We added a dedicated section for job applications, privacy rights, and information for US residents. 

The sections on how we use cookies on our websites and services was updated, providing further transparency and explaining consent management in more detail.
Change in sub-processors

Following changes were made to our sub-processors:

 * Added Asana, Inc. for Collaboration and Task Management

You can find more information about our sub-processors from now on in our trust center [https://trust.zitadel.com/subprocessors]. We ensured to follow the guidelines on transborder data flows for checking the admissibility of data transfers with reference to foreign countries before onboarding these sub-processors.
These updated terms will take effect on May 8, 2025 and will apply to you if you use Zitadel, our websites, or any of our services.
In case you may have any questions please reply to this email or contact us. [https://zitadel.com/contact]

Best regards, 
Maximilian from ZITADEL



[]
This e-mail has been sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com, click here to unsubscribe http://0wkkr.mjt.lu/unsub2?hl=en&m=AMcAAGvJP0sAAAAkOggAAOlNxckAAAABPMkAAjFiABkIJQBoG4sZ45_pFaSBQPKB4uNKKAT11gAYXxc&b=27aa6e68&e=5a56b2c1&x=xcSoY2dt1FF07ggVCD2msupDyEQ4qQdSHKW_8QbPtUQ. 
You have received this email as our legal agreement between us has changed.
Zitadel, Inc