MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Mon, 16 Dec 2024 15:48:46 +0000
Subject: [Action Required] Cloudflare GitHub App Permissions Update
Message-ID: <28.D1.13551.EDB40676@i-023ffd3730823ab30.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----GT4lsUyY5uKKZqTzcmloXw===_E7/D1-13551-EDB40676"

[Action Required] Cloudflare GitHub App Permissions Update Hello, We are reaching out because one your accounts, skogsund.se, has installed the Cloudflare GitHub App in order to use Cloudflare Pages or Workers. We are updating the GitHub App permissions. With these additional GitHub App permissions, when you get started with a template on the Workers platform, Cloudflare can automatically create a repository on your GitHub account and deploy the new repository for you. You will receive an email from GitHub requesting updates to the permissions of the Cloudflare GitHub App on December 18th, 2024. The requested permissions changes are: Old Permissions New Permissions n/a Read and write access to Administration (used to create repositories on your GitHub account) Read-only access to Contents Read and write access to Contents (used to push code to the created repositories These permissions will only apply to repositories you have given Cloudflare access to, configurable in your Cloudflare GitHub App. Cloudflare will always require your consent to initiate the use of the actions permitted by these permissions. Action Required: Look out for GitHub’s email, subject “[GitHub] Cloudflare Workers & Pages is requesting updated permission” please review and accept these updated permissions. If you choose to decline, you can continue to connect repositories and deploy changes via the Cloudflare GitHub App, but you will not have access to upcoming features that require these new permission updates. Questions If you have any concerns or questions, please reach out in our Cloudflare Developers Discord in the #github-permissions-update channel. Thank you, Cloudflare Workers & Pages Team Cloudflare Dashboard Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community THIS IS A SERVICE-RELATED EMAIL This email was sent because you are a Cloudflare customer or requested information about Cloudflare services. Copyright © 2024 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe