MIME-Version: 1.0
From: DataStax <hello@DataStax.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2025 08:03:35 -0600
Subject: Let the docs light your way
Message-ID: <292089166.224217632.1740751415584@abmktmail-batch1l.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_224217631_1507676340.1740751415584"

It’s tricky opening up that old codebase or commit. You’d worked on it but put it down for a while. We’ve all been there. It’s hard to know where to pick back up. 

Well, if you’ve gotten a little lost along the way, the DataStax docs <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGY69dZHfdp4FQb7Z9AsIRVt_R6bt2d2fU9pr1vg3hqgxogALCT-lcOIhG6YiwB1G5BYZAIyHs=> are a great place to get reoriented. We also have discounts, 24/7 enterprise support, programs for startups, and other flexible offerings that are designed for builders like you. 

To get a feel for all you can do on the DataStax platform, you can try out Langflow <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGY69dZHb3NDneehAshEo_tQaQNhkCj4xNSWqXKU64mHJKul2orVgsRXc2EPBlVfmQOV2XpmqA=>. It lets you do some really powerful stuff with LLMs, but without all the work. It comes with ore-build components for any database, datasource, or API and it creates all the LangChain objects you need to deploy your app in production in one-click. 

When you get back to building, we’re there to cheer you on. We’re also here to answer any questions <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGY69dZHHxasJBiOE1q8CwBWztd2jkqov2YQBlUw_ZaJlnIYQzyPtLyBT7-ob1HwFWxkaYOzmI=> you might have. 

Cheers,
Your friends at DataStax
© 2024 DataStax. All rights reserved.
This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe or change your preferences <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGY69dZHFQEfiz0EbbA-i-uD5DKUyVcTyHYa4yxrrYIBXZ628yZme9Oyu-R0NYteDr0rDW1GfM=> at any time. DataStax - Worldwide Headquarters, 2755 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054, United States © 2024 DataStax, All rights reserved.

This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe or change your preferences here: https://pages.datastax.com/email-preference-center.html
