MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Omer Perchik <csupport@anydo.zendesk.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Mon, 11 Apr 2016 14:05:38 +0000
Subject: Emil
Message-ID: <30174109.20160411140538.570baf32cdd1e6.68957358@mail17.wdc04.mandrillapp.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_av-1C3br7nQdNfarXxRZU4Hfw"

        Hi Emil, 

   

  Hope you’re well. 

  I'll cut to the chase, so I don't waste too much of your time. 

  Today I put together a list of people that downloaded my app (Any.do) a
while ago, but haven't logged in for a long time. 

  I've been racking my brain to think of how I can ask you to give Any.do a
second chance and basically decided the best way is to come clean and ask
you. 

  Our small team have honestly worked day and night to build a new Any.do
that is ten times better than what you used before. I know it is a pain,
but if you update your current version, or re-download Any.do from the App
Store, you will see that the app is now completely different. 

  ... if you're slammed with too many things you need to do and need a
simple app to help you organize it all, I genuinely think you will love the
new Any.do. 

  There are no ads, no sponsored listings and no cheesy special deals. Just
a simple & fun app to help you organize all aspects of your life.  

  If you have any problems whatsoever, please visit our Help center
<http://support.any.do/hc/en-us> to learn more about the great app features
or submit a request to our Support team. 

  Here's a link where you can download or update to the shiny new Any.do. 

 
http://www.any.do/open-todo?token=ZW1pbC5za29nc3VuZEBnbWFpbC5jb206MTc3NTczNTgxMjA5ODo5OGRiYTkxYTI3MDRmZTFkZDhlMjgzOWFkNjk4MDAwMQ

  Thanks so much, 

  Omer 

 Founder 
 

  Any.do Inc. | 840 Hayes St, San Francisco, CA 94117-4604, USA
  If you don't want to receive these emails from Any.do in the future,
press here
<http://mandrillapp.com/track/unsub.php?u=30174109&id=fd06ac4c8ee34e7aaeb90466c296b04b.bqY3ZHlkFpUhAfXAbHWgf4YsUbA%3D&r=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.any.do%2Funsubscribe%3Fmd_email%3Demil.skogsund%2540gmail.com>
