MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Play <googleplay-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Sat, 18 Jan 2025 22:02:14 -0800
Subject: Your Google Play Order Receipt from Jan 19, 2025
Message-ID: <33b5eb5cf52ce1ad6fa861f4107db05a7b91e35d-10044049-111132248@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="000000000000b30048062c08e27c"

Google Play


Thank you


You've made a purchase from Google Commerce Limited on Google Play.



Order number: GPA.3352-8526-6054-68715
Order date: Jan 19, 2025 7:02:12 AM GMT+1


Item Price


USD 0.99 Pack (Dungeon Hunter 6) (by GOAT Games) 14,00 kr



Total: 14,00 kr

(Includes VAT of 2,80 kr)


Payment method:

Mastercard-9507



Play Points earned
+6



Promotion: Welcome offer: 3 points for every 7 kr for your first 7 days



Total spent in January: With this purchase, you've spent 3 767,00 kr of  
your 2 000,00 kr budget. You can change your budget in the Play Store app.


Google Commerce Limited
Gordon House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland


Withdrawal Rights: Your digital content has been made available with your  
prior express consent and you acknowledged that you thereby lose your right  
of withdrawal. Please see the attached Terms of Service for more  
information.


Legal Guarantee: If you're an EEA-based consumer of digital content,  
services, or goods, and you've agreed to our Terms of Service, then EEA  
consumer laws provide you with a legal guarantee. Under this guarantee,  
we're liable for any lack of conformity that you discover:


within two years of the delivery of goods or the one-time supply of digital  
content or services
at any time during the “continuous” supply of digital content or services

Your national laws may provide an even longer guarantee. Your rights under  
these legal guarantees aren't limited by any other commercial guarantees  
that we provide. If you want to make a guarantee claim, please contact us.


Refunds: If your purchase doesn't work properly or doesn't match its  
description on Google Play, you can request a refund on the Google Play  
website. You can also get support directly from the developer of the app  
based on a warranty they might offer. If you have a question about the app,  
it will often be quicker to contact the app developer directly. You can  
find an app developer's contact information on the app's detail page on  
Google Play.

Compatible Devices: Please refer to this information about compatible  
devices.

Need help? Visit the Google Play help center or contact Google at  
0201203096 or play-eu-support@google.com


Google Play

All your entertainment in one place, available anywhere. Learn more ›



See your Google Play Order History.
View the Google Play Refund Policy and the Terms of Service.



Need help? Visit the Google Play help center.
To learn more about Google Payments, visit the Google Payments help center.
Please do not reply to this message.
© 2025 Google | All Rights Reserved.
Google Commerce Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland


