MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2025 01:02:17 +0000
Subject: We’re making Cloudflare the best platform for running agents
Message-ID: <36.78.22362.999BFB76@i-08b0974da4e878b7e.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----Hacq/7VxxcD1OikJovsg1g===_A5/78-22362-999BFB76"

We’re making Cloudflare the best platform for running agents  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Hello! I’m Rita — I lead product for the developer platform and AI at Cloudflare. I know everyone is saying it, but I’ll say it too — this is truly both an insane and an incredible time to be a developer. There are so many tools, products, and models getting launched every day that flip everything that came before on its head. It’s been a busy time at Cloudflare, too — we’ve been busy shipping many products and updates (and sometimes, I’ll admit, we forget to tell people about them). I’m excited for us to start sharing more product updates to make it easier for you to stay up to date with all the things we’re doing to make it easier than ever to build on Cloudflare. Join our Discord Follow Cloudflare Dev on X Making Cloudflare the best platform for building agents Agents are the future of building automation. If you’ve written scripts before to automate a task, or asked AI to help you generate code or content, we like to think of agents as a perfect combination of the two: taking the AI reasoning superpowers and using them to truly automate end-to-end tasks. (PS: if you’re still learning what agents are, no worries, we’ve updated our docs to help run you through it!). Yesterday, we made several announcements that make building AI agents easier than ever, including: A single command to spin up your first ever agent: `npm create cloudflare@latest agents-starter --template=cloudflare/agents-starter` `agent-sdk` — a JavaScript framework for building agents, batteries included And several additions to Workers AI such as structured outputs, and tool calling Read the Blog > Keeping your AI interactions risk-free with Guardrails for AI Gateway AI Gateway is a proxy service that sits between your AI application and its model providers (like OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, and more). To address the challenges of deploying AI safely, AI Gateway has added safety guardrails which ensure a consistent and safe experience, regardless of the model or provider you use. The new Guardrails feature offers: Precise control over actions to evaluate — user prompts, model responses, or both Ability to specify actions, including: ignoring, flagging, or blocking Pre-defined content categories to action on, such as defamation, intellectual property, privacy and more… Read the Blog > ICYMI: DeepSeek on Workers AI, extended Browser Rendering capabilities, and more In addition to these announcements over the past two days, below are a few announcements we made earlier in the month, in case you missed them: DeepSeek is on Cloudflare Workers AI With the DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-32B model on Cloudflare Workers AI, you can use it to solve math, coding and complex reasoning tasks. It's open source, hosted on Cloudflare servers, and is comparable to OpenAI's o1-mini. What makes it shine: 🌟 It solves math, coding and complex reasoning tasks 🌟 It thinks out loud – watch its step-by-step logic! 🌟 Self-checks answers before responding Try it Out > Pro Tip for our Cursor Peeps You can have Cursor crawl & index the Cloudflare Workers docs directly: Cursor Docs > A Mega-Prompt™ for building on Cloudflare Workers We added a (massive) prompt to help you get started with Workers, regardless of which AI tool you’re using for code development. Test it out, and let us know how it goes! More Updates From the AI Changelog 1. AI Gateway adds Cerebras (low-latency AI inference for Llama), ElevenLabs (text-to-speech, and Cartesia (text-to-speech) as new providers 2. AI Gateway Introduces New Worker Binding Methods (AI Gateway) 3. Expanded language support for Stream AI Generated Captions (WorkersAI) 4. AI Gateway adds DeepSeek as a Provider Look forward to more updates from us! Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe