MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google <no-reply@accounts.google.com>
To: Emil.Skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 19 Apr 2024 02:05:38 -0700
Subject: Find out more about our updated Terms of Service
Message-ID: <377eb78ce78c4fff9b0af9e611a8bfb1e2723739-20305066-111481340@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="0000000000003755ef06166f644f"

Emil.Skogsund@gmail.com
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fupdate%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>

We're updating our Terms of Service on 22 May 2024, so we wanted to let you
know ahead of time.

These changes won't affect the way that you use our services
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fservice-specific%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>,
but they should help make it easier for you to understand what to expect
from Google – and what we expect from you – as you use our services.

You can see the new terms here
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fupdate%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>.
We have also summarised the changes at the bottom of this email.

*What do I need to do?*

    - *If you're under the age required to manage your own Google Account
     
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Faccounts%2Fanswer%2F1350409%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>:*
       - We have sent this email to your parent or guardian so that they can
       help you understand our updates better.
       - Please discuss this email with your parent or guardian to decide if
       you need to do anything different with your account.
    - * If you're a parent or guardian, and you allow your child to use the
    services:*
       - Please review the updates to our terms with your child and help
       them decide whether they need to make any changes to their account.
       - Please remember that these terms apply to you and that you're
       responsible for your child's activity on the services.
    - *If you're the administrator of a Google Workspace corporate or
    educational account, and you've enabled your users to access Google
    additional services
     
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F181865%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>:
    *
       - Our new Terms of Service won't affect the Google Workspace
       agreement between Google and your organisation. These new terms will  
only
       apply to those users to whom you've given access to Google additional
       services
        
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F181865%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>.
       You can always manage whether your users have access to Google  
additional
       services, and which ones, in your Admin console.
    - *If you're a Google Workspace reseller whose customers have enabled
    their users to access Google additional services
     
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F181865%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>:*
       - Our new Terms of Service won't affect your Google Workspace
       agreement with your customers. These new terms will only apply to your
       customers' users who've been given access to Google additional
       services
        
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F181865%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>.
       Your customers can always manage whether their users have access to  
Google
       additional services, and which ones, in their Admin console.
    - *If you're any other user of the services
     
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fservice-specific%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>:
    *
       - Please read this email to understand our updated terms and your
       options for further action.
       - If you agree to the new terms, no further action is needed.

*What's changing?*

You can review the new Google Terms of Service here
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fupdate%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>.
At a glance, here's what this update covers:

    - *Generative AI terms.* We're moving our existing Generative AI
    additional terms
     
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fgenerative-ai%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>
    to our main Terms of Service and adding other AI-related clarifications.
    For example – we won't claim ownership over original content generated by
    our AI-powered services.
    - *More clarity on abusive activity.* We’re providing more examples and
    details of the kinds of abuse and interference with our services that
    aren't allowed.
    - *More details on limitations of liability.* For users outside the US,
    we're adding clarifications to our limitations of liability and indemnity
    sections to avoid any misunderstandings in light of local laws or  
customs.
    - *More clarity on disputes.* We're clarifying that if you violate our
    terms, our remedies aren't limited to suspension or termination of your
    access to the services, but may include other remedies under applicable
    law. If problems or disputes arise between us about these terms, you'll
    have the opportunity to describe the issues and address them.
    - *Updates to reflect how our services work.* We're adding language
    about how our services work, and updating certain Google service brand
    names that have changed over time.
    - *For users based in the European Economic Area (EEA) only:*
       - In addition to the changes described above, we're adding more
       explanatory text to help you understand the legal concept  
of 'guarantees'
       under EU and local law.
       - For more details, please see this summary of key changes to the EEA
       versions of our terms
        
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fchanges%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>
       .

If you don't agree with the new terms, you should remove your content
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fpolicies.google.com%2Fterms%2Fdefinitions%23toc-terms-your-content%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>
and stop using the services. You can also end your relationship with us at
any time, without penalty, by closing your Google Account
<https://accounts.google.com/AccountChooser?Email=Emil.Skogsund%40gmail.com&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Faccounts%2Fanswer%2F32046%3Futm_source%3Dtos2024-email%26utm_medium%3Demail>
.

Thank you for using Google services!


© 2024 Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
You have received this email to update you about important changes to
Google’s Terms of Service.
