MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 16 Jul 2025 20:54:12 +0000
Subject: [Action Recommended] - Cloudflare Gateway Application Updates Affecting Policies
Message-ID: <3D.66.36990.47118786@i-023220bd6c5741581.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----lZNaSvhVfjGyNzmzuT6sDw===_AC/66-36990-47118786"

[Action Recommended] - Cloudflare Gateway Application Updates Affecting Policies  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Hello Gateway Admin, We're writing to inform you about an important upgrade to how Cloudflare Gateway matches applications to hostnames in your policies. This will make your policies even more accurate and predictable. We ask that you review your Gateway policies that use the ‘Application’ selector to make sure policies continue to behave as expected . 1. What actions to take? We recommend reviewing the policy order for applications from large providers like Google (Drive, Gmail/Chat, Gemini, etc.) and Meta (Facebook, Instagram, Messenger). Adjust your policies from the Gateway firewall policies if required based on the detailed information provided below. 2. What is changing? On July 30, 2025 , we will upgrade our application definitions used by Gateway Firewall policies. With this change, one hostname may now match multiple applications. This will allow us to provide more precise and predictable policy behaviour. You'll experience improvements in cases where: A single domain belongs to several applications: For example, connectivitycheck.gstatic.com will now map to Google Chat, Google Services, Google Play Store, and Android. Previously hidden matches become visible: Application domains that were previously miscategorized or unmatched to application names, will now be correctly categorized to their application names. A great example is api.box.com, previously unmatched to the application name “Box”, will now properly identify as the application "Box." Another example, previously, chat-facebook.com was only associated with Facebook Messenger. Now, it will correctly match to both the Facebook Messenger and Facebook applications. 3. Why are we making this change? This upgrade will provide a more reliable and intuitive experience for you: Allows for more precise policy creation: You can now block a specific application like Instagram directly, without needing to include other related applications to achieve the desired effect. Fixes application matching errors: This resolves cases where certain domains didn't trigger the correct policies. Next steps Test critical workflows: On July 30th, please test if your critical workflows and policies function as expected. Pay special attention to policies with the “Do Not Inspect action”, as these often involve shared hostnames (e.g., gstatic.com across multiple Google services) and are among the first to benefit from this enhanced matching. Simplify policies with workarounds: This update fixes conflicts around shared domains that you previously had to work around. For example, you may have a policy to block the “box application” written as: domain = api.box.com. Now, the box application will return the proper domains. Review policies: Take some time to review and adjust your existing policies for applications from large providers like Google and Meta, as their applications are more likely to share hostnames. You can do this from: Firewall policies overview page. Gateway logs or log push for policy outcomes. For more information on this, please review this developer documentation. Best regards, The Cloudflare Gateway Team Cloudflare Dashboard Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community THIS IS A SERVICE-RELATED EMAIL This email was sent because you are a Cloudflare customer or requested information about Cloudflare services. Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe