MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2025 04:59:47 +0000
Subject: Boost aldervall.se performance with these tools
Message-ID: <42.62.63482.3460E776@i-078619e9e827827da.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----NyPOX4WjfXtllQ/hf/hJ1Q===_22/62-63482-3460E776"

Boost aldervall.se performance with these tools 6 performance tools to speed up your site or app. Activate with Cloudflare Pro. ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Ready to improve site speed and performance on aldervall.se? Unlock capabilities that can enhance performance beyond Cloudflare’s CDN alone. Cloudflare Pro is best suited for high traffic personal projects, side hustles, and small businesses just starting out. Upgrade to Pro Lossless and Lossy Image Optimization Accelerated Image Delivery for Mobile Prioritized Loading of Key Site Assets Analyze and Improve CDN Caching WordPress Plugin Content Prefetch for Google Search Pro Plan FAQs When is the right time to upgrade from the Free plan to Pro plan? Over 50% of Cloudflare’s Pro plan customers started on the Free plan and eventually upgraded so they can activate more security and performance features. If any of the conditions below are true, you will likely find the Pro plan beneficial: Your website is generating revenue on a monthly basis You have more than 1TB of web traffic You fully manage your web server and are responsible for upgrading, patching and maintenance Your website uses server-side applications (PHP, Python, Ruby, C#, JavaScript, etc.) There is a substantial risk if your website is hacked. Cloudflare offers free CDN and DNS. Why should I pay for a Pro plan? With Cloudflare Pro you have access to the same great DNS, CDN and DDoS protection, but you unlock additional WAF defenses against common and new cyber attacks, enhanced bot protection, image optimization tools, and more. Cloudflare Pro also gives you more control via increased rules thresholds. For example, you get more Cache Rules which allow you to dictate how our CDN caches your content. Upgrade to Pro Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe