MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 31 Dec 2025 00:00:49 +0000
Subject: You're a couple clicks away from a faster website
Message-ID: <46.E1.45072.1B764596@i-0a220bb3f131580d3.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----wFrQCHiboqgeYe8NGbCB4w===_A5/E1-45072-1B764596"

You're a couple clicks away from a faster website On average, web assets perform 30% faster with Argo Forget something? Enable Argo to instantly speed up your website Enable Argo Site speed is one of the most important optimizations to increase search rankings, improve visitor experience, and reduce bounce rates, and Argo is one of the easiest ways to improve speed without any code changes. With Argo, you get: Faster Loading Times Argo delivers web traffic over the fastest links available resulting in noticeably faster web assets and improved end-user experience. Increased Reliability Argo’s live view of network conditions enables it to route around congestion and leverage the most reliable links to deliver increased uptime. Reduced Hosting Costs Argo minimizes content requests to the origin server, reducing latency, server load, and bandwidth usage. Enable Argo today and speed up your site traffic with a single click. Argo starts at only $5 / month and billing is usage-based. Not sure if Argo is right for you? Turn it off at any time – usage stops immediately. Enable Argo Not sure what products are right for you? Answer 4 simple questions and get a personalized recommendation Get a recommendation Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe