MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 12:00:16 -0800
Subject: [Action Advised] Review new Cloud Logging regional ingestion quotas
Message-ID: <4966766065b5f5d54889d29f9089521db9b8c5e8-20339348-111615321@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="00000000000062f024062c3cd376"

New regional ingestion quotas will be implemented starting April 22, 2025.




MY CONSOLE




Hello Emil,

Starting April 22, 2025, we will be implementing new regional ingestion  
quotas for Cloud Logging to improve our quality of service and customer  
experience. With this new quota, we can better ensure that large volume  
spikes experienced by a single customer do not negatively affect other  
customers in a given region.

We understand this change may impact your usage and have provided  
additional information below to minimize disruption.

What you need to know

New Quotas

Starting April 22, 2025, we will add the following new quotas to Cloud  
Logging's API. This change is designed to minimize user impact, with  
default quotas that exceed most users' ingestion volumes. For users whose  
recent ingestion volume exceeds the new default, we are implementing  
overrides to ensure a smooth transition.

The following table details the specific quota that will be implemented:


Ingestion Region* Default quota** - Rate of entries.write request

asia-east1, asia-northeast1, asia-southeast1, asia-south1, europe-west1,  
europe-west2, europe-west3, europe-west4, us-central1, us-east4, us-west1  
4.8 GB per minute per Google Cloud project

All remaining regions 300 MB per minute per Google Cloud project


*The ingestion region refers to the region where the Cloud Logging API was  
called. This might differ from the storage region designated for your log  
buckets.

**You can review these regional quotas in the Cloud Console Quotas & System  
Limits page, and they will be enforced beginning April 22, 2025. If your  
project's ingestion rate in the last 6+ months is close to or above the  
default limit, we'll implement a one-time override to raise your initial  
quotas before enforcement. You can visit the Quotas & System Limits page to  
confirm your initial quotas.

Exceeding the new Quotas

If your ingest write exceeds your quotas in a given region, your write  
requests to Cloud Logging API may be rejected with a resource_exhausted  
error.

Refer to the recommendations below to avoid exceeding the new quotas.

What you need to do

No action is required, but we recommend the following:


Review the Quotas and Limits documentation to learn more about viewing,  
managing, and monitoring your quotas.
Monitor your quota usage and set up alerts to avoid reaching the limit.
Turn on quota adjuster so that it automatically monitors your quota usage  
and requests quota increases, preventing service disruptions caused by  
reaching quota limits. Refer to this guide for details and eligibility.

We're here to help

If you have any questions or require assistance, please contact Google  
Cloud Support.

Thanks for choosing Google Cloud.





—The Google Cloud Team





DOCUMENTATION



SUPPORT




Was this information helpful?

Yes Neutral No


© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You have received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud Platform or your account.



Visit Google Cloud blog Visit GCP on GitHub Visit Google Cloud on LinkedIn  
Visit Google Cloud on Twitter




