MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2025 01:47:26 -0700
Subject: [Action Advised] Review important changes to Google Compute Engine Metadata Server error codes
Message-ID: <4bffa898cce3eff9f5cc77e9e6c1dcad11d3a2ca-20363332-111687673@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="00000000000072099f06377018c8"

These upcoming changes will take effect on Sep 12, 2025.




MY CONSOLE




Hello Emil,

We're writing to inform you that we'll be updating the error codes for  
Google Compute Engine Metadata Server (MDS) on September 12, 2025.

We've provided additional information below to guide you through this  
change.

What you need to know

Key changes starting September 12, 2025:

As part of this change, the metadata server endpoints listed below will be  
impacted:


Rate-limited requests to ` instance/service-accounts/identity ` and `  
instance/oslogin ` endpoints will now return a `429 (Too Many Requests)`  
error code instead of previously returned `503 (Service Unavailable)`
Requests to the ` instance/upcoming-maintenance ` endpoint when no  
maintenance event is scheduled will return a `200 (OK)` response with  
`"NONE"` in the response body instead of 503, indicating no scheduled  
maintenance

These changes will align the MDS with expected HTTP semantics and provide  
more accurate error signaling to client applications.

What you need to do

No action is required from you unless your application relies on the  
previous error codes. However, we encourage you to update your application  
logic to accommodate both the old and new error codes, if needed.

Timelines:
If you need to make adjustments to your workflow, please ensure those  
changes are completed before September 12, 2025.

Impacted customers/accounts:
All GCE VM users

We're here to help

We know this change may take some planning, and we're committed to  
supporting you during this transition. If you have any questions or require  
assistance, please feel free to contact Google Cloud Support Hub.

Thanks for choosing Google Compute Engine.





— The Google Cloud Team





DOCUMENTATION



SUPPORT




Was this information helpful?

Yes Neutral No


© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You've received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud or your account.



Visit Google Cloud blog Visit GCP on GitHub Visit Google Cloud on LinkedIn  
Visit Google Cloud on Twitter




