MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Sun, 09 Nov 2025 00:57:56 +0000
Subject: Thinking about choosing the Pro Plan?
Message-ID: <4C.75.12466.417EF096@i-00e7f63bd555323a2.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----cqGvfUUt0WwqvYf4Z4Znsw===_1C/75-12466-417EF096"

Thinking about choosing the Pro Plan? Get speed and security for your website Thinking about choosing the Pro plan? Cloudflare Pro can increase security and speed for important sites Why Cloudflare Pro? A Cloudflare Pro plan is the easiest way to speed up and secure your site. With dozens of powerful features, the Pro plan includes many of Cloudflare's most popular features for a fraction of the price many others charge. Purchase Pro Cloudflare Pro plans give you Protection against new and common cyber attacks with WAF Defense against bot attacks like content scraping and click fraud Automatic image optimizations for faster load times Analytics to help increase content served by the Cloudflare CDN Cookie-free web analytics Ticket support More features include: Prioritized Loading of Key Site Assets Intelligent caching for WordPress Content Prefetch for Google Search Lossless and Lossy Image Optimization Accelerated Image Delivery for Mobile Analyze and Improve CDN Caching Ready to take your site to the next level? Try an annual plan and save 20%. Purchase Pro Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe