MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 11 Apr 2025 19:54:11 +0000
Subject: Cloudflare Workers Logs Billing starting April 21, 2025
Message-ID: <51.4B.49672.36379F76@i-0ae3b65a73fd33501.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----epXahCckEkDhWJriaAUHFg===_31/4B-49672-36379F76"

Cloudflare Workers Logs Billing starting April 21, 2025  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Hi, I'm Rohin, Product Manager for Cloudflare Workers, with a focus on Observability. Last November, I sent an update indicating that our team will start billing for Workers Logs. We then made the decision to delay billing for Workers Logs while it was still in Beta. On April 9, 2025, we announced Workers Logs is Generally Available. Starting on Monday, April 21, 2025, we will begin billing for Workers Logs. The first 20 million logs are included with your Workers Paid subscription. Every additional log incurs an additional usage fee of $0.60 per million logs. For example, if you generate 100 million logs in one month, you can expect a bill of $48.00 for Workers Logs. Refer to the pricing details for more information. If you would like to use Workers Logs beyond the included usage of 20 million logs, you must accept the opt-in modal in the dashboard. You can monitor your monthly usage by visiting the Workers & Pages tab in the Cloudflare Dashboard and tracking ‘Observability events’ in the ‘Account Details’ section. To limit the number of Workers Logs you produce, take action by configuring a lower head-based sampling rate or disabling Invocation Logs on the appropriate Workers. Please reach out to me with any questions or feedback for Workers & Workers Observability. Regards, Rohin Lohe rohin@cloudflare.com Product Manager, Cloudflare Workers Cloudflare Dashboard Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community THIS IS A SERVICE-RELATED EMAIL This email was sent because you are a Cloudflare customer or requested information about Cloudflare services. Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe