MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Kakao Team <noreply@kakao.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sat, 01 Jun 2019 18:00:03 +0900
Subject: [Kakao] Notification of Account Inactivity
Message-ID: <5cf23e934d90f_62bc3fc13b2bd874189da@ace254.mail>
Content-Type: multipart/related; boundary="--==_mimepart_5cf23e934af70_62bc3fc13b2bd874188e7"; charset="UTF-8"

Kakao Account
----

Your Kakao Account will be disabled, and you will be deregistered from KakaoTalk.

Kakao temporarily disables your account after 1 year of inactivity for security purposes. You will be deregistered from KakaoTalk automatically after your Kakao Account is disabled.

- Kakao Account: emil.skogsund@gmail.com

- Date: July 1, 2019

- Items to be stored: Kakao Account and member information


Once your account is disabled, your personal information will be stored safely in accordance with the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Etc.

Please note that KakaoTalk's personal information connected to the disabled account will be destroyed immediately.

However, if you are still inactive 4 years after your account has been disabled, all your data and personal information will be deleted along with your Kakao Account.


* Do you want to continue using Kakao services?

If you wish to continue using the Kakao Services, please log in to any Kakao Services with your Kakao Account.



----
This is a no-reply email. To make an inquiry, please contact our Help.
- Link : https://cs.kakao.com/helps?locale=en&service=52

Copyright (c) Kakao Corp. All rights reserved.

