MIME-Version: 1.0
From: YouTube <no-reply@youtube.com>
To: Emil.Skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 20 Oct 2022 22:52:15 -0700
Subject: Introducing: YouTube Handles
Message-ID: <5dc0f2d1eda79d41ab400b2b3af90acbbdd98d52-20228289-111199702@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="00000000000039a66f05eb850ba1"



YouTube is introducing handles to make it easier for people to find and  
connect with each other.  
<https://notifications.google.com/g/p/AKWoLQgqpSCm2xPCp75qj6Y2cVx2fhSgn9O9GuP5p3BCNcD0BzKuzpEfkT72rdGqlikkaPg65YI15jgkau3Du3x-rkApK6fAJEb9mp3AOnH-DnkHAF-Pzl0q>

Hi Emil Skogsund,

We're writing to let you know that over the coming weeks YouTube will be  
introducing handles to make it easier for members of the community to find  
and connect with each other. Your handle will be unique to your channel and  
will be how people mention you in comments, community posts and more.

Here's what you need to know:

We're gradually rolling out the ability to choose a handle for all channels  
over the coming weeks, and you will receive another email and a  
notification in YouTube Studio when you're able to choose yours. In most  
cases, if you already have a  personalised URL  
<https://notifications.google.com/g/p/AKWoLQi4Cm1ZJ2jERQlLkVZGPkEOs9nu_NFLuvCLrk4r61Q7qxyTfUJwI-AS3xCvRA7zVS_aWEowOzwRO7mFbXsPC5I-FpWjrgSxpeDDBMY_2UnEPlBYnNXv2DD5tp-nih4SnmyhHwOINNuc-E4ESqM66-ARQ_f7e1baLxXUjMKNvkFFYg>  
for your channel, we've reserved this for you as your handle. If you want a  
different handle from the one that we've reserved, you can change it. If  
you don't already have a personalised URL today, you'll also be able to  
choose a handle for your channel.

Starting on 14 November 2022, if you haven't yet selected a handle for your  
channel, YouTube will automatically assign you a handle, which you can  
change in YouTube Studio if you'd like to.

In the meantime, learn more about handles and all the things that you'll be  
able to do with them:

LEARN MORE  
<https://notifications.google.com/g/p/AKWoLQiXm97svuSurnLPMrcEAUpkT-cGb1mifiXsLQrpull2MDpPYnjFTB9NIGMwDPN5kx2klclX1fNJktqj9RM2uvwlUMj7WgEofYou2a6URHlnMOrdhgOUOerolg>
Sincerely,
The YouTube team

You received this mandatory email service announcement to update you about  
important changes to your YouTube channel or account.

(c) 2022 Google LLC d/b/a YouTube, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066
