MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:03:59 +0000
Subject: February 2025: The Latest in Cloudflare Dev Tools & Tech
Message-ID: <60.0C.01716.F4E12A76@i-09ee8bdffc3a869cb.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----5ZEicBHU1d56I+NsGt2lGw===_6F/FB-01716-F4E12A76"

February 2025: The Latest in Cloudflare Dev Tools & Tech Cloudflare Workflows now available in Open Beta ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ February 2025 Developer Newsletter Cloudflare Workflows now available in Open Beta Workflows, Cloudflare’s durable execution engine that allows you to build reliable, repeatable multi-step applications that scale for you, is now in open beta. Any developer with a free or paid Workers plan can build and deploy a Workflow right now: no waitlist, no sign-up form, no fake line around-the-block. Learn More Product Announcements, Blogs, Partnerships, Case Studies Using Durable Objects to add WebSockets and Authentication to AI Gateway Check out how Cloudflare leverages Developer Platform and Durable Objectso build a WebSockets API that establishes a single, persistent connection, enabling continuous communication Learn More > Introducing Workers Builds: integrated CI/CD on Workers Workers Builds, an integrated Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) workflow you can use to build and deploy everything from full-stack applications built with the most popular frameworks to simple static websites onto the Workers platform, is currently in open beta Learn More > Baselime: 80% lower cloud costs migrating from AWS to Cloudflare Moving Baselime from AWS to Cloudflare: simpler architecture, improved performance, over 80% lower cloud costs Learn More > Tutorials Build a Full-Stack Application using Astro on Cloudflare Workers and Cloudflare Pages With Cloudflare, you can easily deploy your Astro application globally. In this video, Kristian Freeman (Developer Relations) builds a full-stack application using Astro. He introduces an API endpoint using Astro bindings and integrates Cloudflare KV into his application stack. Watch Here > Getting Started with the Cloudflare Model Context Protocol (MCP) server and Anthropic's Claude Follow along as Ricky (VP Developer Relations) shows off the newly released MCP server to explore his Cloudflare properties, like Workers, KV, and D1. Watch Here > Client Side Tool Calling with the OpenAI WebRTC Realtime API OpenAI recently released the WebRTC interface for their realtime API. It supports tool calling, which means you can use it to do client side JavaScript function calling. This opens up a whole new set of use cases. In this video, Craig shows off how he used Cloudflare Worker to relay the WebRTC call securely. Then he uses function calling to control the style of a web page. And even a Bluetooth enabled robot hand 🤖🖐️! Watch Here > Join our Discord Keep up with our Developer Blog Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe