MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 23 Dec 2025 06:00:59 +0000
Subject: Get more out of your Zero Trust deployment
Message-ID: <64.BF.10971.B103A496@i-0ed925b9e69ce275e.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----CXhBzXzw9Kcvp2hKZGr5nA===_24/BF-10971-B103A496"

Get more out of your Zero Trust deployment Find out how to monitor up to 30 days of log history, add more users and DNS filtering locations, and unlock Browser Isolation with the Zero Trust Standard plan ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Are you looking for more from Cloudflare Zero Trust? It looks like you’re currently using the Zero Trust Free plan. The Free plan is optimal for building a proof of concept but has several key limitations. Customize and improve your security posture by upgrading to the Zero Trust Standard plan. Upgrade Plan Extend Log Retention Review up to 30 days (vs. 24 hours) of Access authentication logs, Gateway DNS activity logs, and device posture logs. Extended log retention makes it easier to audit and remediate security incidents or meet compliance requirements. Add more users While many Zero Trust deployments start with a small proof of concept, organizations realize the most value when they extend to their full teams. Go beyond 50 users and provide simple, secure access to more of your organization. Set up more DNS locations (endpoints) Extend secure web gateway (SWG) protection to up to 50 (vs. 3) DNS locations which are mapped to physical entities such as offices, homes, or data centers. Additional DNS locations are especially helpful if you have a sizable distributed team and are unable to deploy the WARP client on devices. Unlock Remote Browser Isolation (RBI) Protect your organization and employees from threats like ransomware and phishing as they browse the Internet. Cloudflare Browser Isolation insulates local devices from malware and provides broad data protection, with no performance tradeoffs. Available as an add-on with the Zero Trust Standard plan and above. Upgrade Plan Looking for advice on implementing Zero Trust? Talk to a SASE Expert. Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 Unsubscribe