MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 10 Jun 2025 11:53:55 -0700
Subject: [Legal Notice] Changes to Google Cloud Marketplace Terms of Service effective June 2, 2025
Message-ID: <646e919eeb20fb539f63be11f375516b311e4dc5-20366925-111695252@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000e8143806373c370c"

Dear Emil,

We’re writing to let you know that on June 2, 2025, the Google Cloud  
Marketplace Terms of Service[1] (MP ToS) and Google Cloud Marketplace Terms  
of Service - Resellers[2] (MP Reseller ToS) were updated. Pursuant to  
Section 5 of the MP ToS and Section 6 of the MP Reseller ToS, Google may  
make changes to these Terms of Service from time to time.

We have provided additional information below to guide you through this  
change.

What you need to know

The changes implemented with this update are summarized below. You can also  
review the updated Marketplace Terms of Service[3] in full for the actual  
legal language for these changes.

Key changes:

Marketplace Terms of Service

    - Clarifying notification process for material updates to the  
Marketplace ToS and Marketplace Reseller ToS (Section 5.2 of MP ToS;  
Section 6.2 of MP Reseller ToS)
    - Clarifying that Customer and Partner access to integrated SaaS Vendor  
Products is governed by the applicable Vendor Agreement (Section 6.3 of MP  
ToS; Section 7.3 of MP Reseller ToS)
    - Clarifying that Google only shares data in accordance with the  
Agreement (Sec. 9 of MP ToS; Sec. 9.2 of MP ToS under the “EMEA” section of  
Sec. 14; Sec. 10.2 of MP Reseller ToS; Sec. 10.2 of MP Reseller ToS under  
the “EMEA” section of Sec. 15)
    - Adding a right to review GCP Reseller’s records for compliance with MP  
Reseller ToS (MP Reseller ToS Section 3.6)
    - Including the obligation for GCP Resellers to not make false or  
misleading statements related to Marketplace transactions (Section 3.7 of  
MP Reseller ToS)
    - New subsection referencing dispute resolution rules of the London  
Court of International Arbitration (Sec. 13.13(b) of the MP ToS under the  
“EMEA” section of Sec. 14; Section 14.13(b) of the MP Reseller ToS under  
the “EMEA” section of Sec. 15)
    - Adding terms clarifying that for Agency Transactions, Google does not  
hold funds on behalf of Customer or Partner once payment has been made to  
Google. (Appendix A of the MP ToS and MP Reseller ToS)

What you need to do

No action is required on your part for this update.

Thanks for choosing Google Cloud Marketplace.

—The Google Cloud Marketplace Team

[1] https://cloud.google.com/terms/marketplace/launcher
[2] https://cloud.google.com/terms/marketplace/resellers
[3] https://cloud.google.com/terms/marketplace/launcher?e=48754805&

© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You’ve received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud or your account.
