MIME-Version: 1.0
From: DataStax <hello@DataStax.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 21 Feb 2025 08:03:14 -0600
Subject: How’s your project going?
Message-ID: <657737571.94740605.1740146594687@abmktmail-batch1k.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_94740603_798918018.1740146594687"

If that project you’re working on isn't quite ready for the spotlight yet, no problem.


That’s why we’re checking in with you. We wanted to see how building is going for you and what you’ve got in the works.


If you need a little spark of creativity to keep things moving forward, we’ve been pretty excited about Langflow <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGYx8qDeT8tmUXch6TQ0-TtTt695u06TQwrAivMwnF3QEqjTST9V-GJ2hZbDwLZMQmqLxKWobw=>. It lets you build LLM apps with an intuitive drag and drop interface, powerful pre-built components for any database, data source, or API.


If you have any questions about building with DataStax, we’re happy to chat. You can book time with us <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGYx8qDeWSiO_RimIzFuSSMtMFwxlVdbdLkgMKZYkLuD66Zz1a0s6zcDcV1MGjTJoBxkrYE1Fw=> to chat about your use case and what you’re looking to build.

Cheers,
Your friends at DataStax
© 2024 DataStax. All rights reserved.
This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe or change your preferences <http://ww2.datastax.com/MjU5LUlGWi03NzkAAAGYx8qDeRcUAHvbJnp1Rp-c4cZd9BUxAgBjc07kOKTwOu2LZdmVf-hCe14ZHTpJP0GjiFzjdP4=> at any time. DataStax - Worldwide Headquarters, 2755 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054, United States © 2024 DataStax, All rights reserved.

This email was sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you may unsubscribe or change your preferences here: https://pages.datastax.com/email-preference-center.html
