MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Staffan || Monday Bar  <info@mondaybar.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 26 Jan 2024 16:59:48 +0000
Subject: 🚀 Monday Bar Newsletter week 4
Message-ID: <65b3e4dc712cfc52e8fbc146.58f5cb8fe3df2866a0717e05@mgcp03.squarespace-mail.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="304fae4e47792e3e2c9e1e87370aab0b54d49a13e1ec51fd95a595dc4338"

Monday Bar Newsletter week 4 In this newsletter: Friday-Sunday September 20-22: MONDAY BAR presents: THE 2024 CRUISE (no 61) • 2 night cruise to Tallinn, Estonia (41 hrs) • Cabin booking opens March 25 (Feb 26 for cruise regulars) • Lineup will be presented weekly during spring Saturday February 10: TECHTRIBE presents: TROPISK VINTER - BEACH PARTY • Daytime beach party starting at 15.00 (to 23ish) • Amazing location near Stockholm city • Well-known lineup for Monday Bar family.. Dear Monday Bar family, Last year’s cruise in October (no 60) could have been our last, mostly for health reasons, but also due to the fact that many of our previous ships were rented out during and after covid. However, the incredible outcry for us not to end this 21 year long tradition just got louder and louder. So after a few months of rehabilitation and deep consideration we’re happy to present one more cruise in September 20-22. But only one during 2024.. and after that we have no idea. One year at the time. And last, our dear friends at TECHTRIBE are throwing a totally brand new party concept, TROPISK VINTER - BEACH PARTY at at great venue near Stockholm city Saturday February 10 staring at 15.00. With a very familiar lineup for us. Don’t miss! Monday Bar crew 🥰 So it’s time again to sail together for the 61th time on the best party ship of the Tallink-Silja fleet, M/S Baltic Queen. The cruise is in September, but thanks to an outside sun deck partly covered with a roof and windshield, we should be able to enjoy a daytime party on the deck while in port in Tallinn on Saturday. This time both main floors will be o mix of harder styles (black) and techno/trance/psy, etc (white). And like our last three cruises on Baltic Queen, TECHTRIBE will host a techno-only floor as well. For the main floors, our goal is to present a DJ in each main music genre, such as progressive, techno, trance, psy, hardstyle, hardcore, etc. More than 40 international and local DJs will perform with a massive technical production for over 2000 clubbers of all ages. We are in the process of booking a massive dj lineup and will present them weekly during the coming months. Cabins bookings will officially open March 25, but as a receiver of this newsletter you will have the opportunity to book one month earlier, on February 26. So check with your friends already who wants to come. This will be our only cruise during 2024. You can find cabin prices on our homepage, adjusted up approx. 10% due to higher cost levels of dj bookings, flights, tech and ship rent etc. MONDAY BAR presents THE 2024 CRUISE (no 61) Friday-Sunday, September 20-22 (2 nights - 41h) M/S Baltic Queen Stockholm-Tallinn-Stockholm Cruise times Departure, Stockholm Tallink-Silja ferry terminal, Värtahamnen Friday, September 20, 17:30 (5:30 PM), local Swedish time Arrival, Tallinn Tallink D-terminal Saturday September 21, 10:45 (10:45 AM), local Estonian time (+1 hour) Departure, Tallinn Tallink D-terminal Saturday September 21, 18:00 (6 PM), local Estonian time (+1 hour) Arrival, Stockholm Tallink-Silja ferry terminal, Värtahamnen Sunday September 22, 10:30 (10:30 AM), local Swedish tim Age limit: 18 years when boarding. Cabin prices starting at SEK 1640 per person. Cabin bookings available starting March 25. CRUISE HOMEPAGE  <https://www.mondaybar.com/mondaybar-the-2024-cruise?ss_source=sscampaigns&ss_campaign_id=65b3d4a1d72a8557f6a6f3e7&ss_email_id=65b3e4dc712cfc52e8fbc146&ss_campaign_name=%F0%9F%9A%80+Monday+Bar+Newsletter+week+4&ss_campaign_sent_date=2024-01-26T16%3A59%3A47Z> FACEBOOK EVENT  <https://www.facebook.com/events/730815549006255> TECHTRIBE SAYS (in Swedish): Trött på kyla och mörker? 🥶 Längtar du till sommaren, open air/dagsfester och känslan att få dansa barfota utomhus? Låt oss tillsammans bryta mörkret, trotsa vinterkylan och under några timmar få lite sommarfeeling. 🏖️☀️ Ta med dig alla vänner till en tropisk oas där vi omvandlar vinterlandet till en glödande sandstrand – mitt i vintern!⛱️🍹🕶️ Sparka av dig skorna och dansa barfota i sanden till toner av Melodic, Progressive, Techno och Trance.💃🕺🏻🎶🔈 🗓 När: 2024-02-10 🕖 Tid: 15:00 - 23:isch 📍 Var: Secret Location - ca 20 min med SL från centralen. Adress släpps några dagar innan här i eventet! FACEBOOK EVENT  <https://www.facebook.com/events/861686272317275/>  <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBTe8_DMsFC3HYqEg4suMxg>  <http://facebook.com/mondaybar>  <http://instagram.com/mondaybar>  <http://twitter.com/mondaybar> © Monday Bar, 1992-2024 Högbergsgatan 18, 116 20 Stockholm, Sweden Unsubscribe  <https://campaign-preferences.com/unsubscribe/ydHth-wKQ1mpwdMT6JQvnJ5boMrwJemhubLJ8iub-GlqqRmGaLuzvJ0q6GwmpxCwH9pI1EDulDi6awF-nNq0DTNUwthX_x-7aq5qQ6Whl0v0Hecjj11cY6Uo3V_zS-0dSbQAWm3hpB4utbfbyqxpyzH3LasltKSK3h5fnOdnFtyfpD0WPH6Vl0Jm23B5CoYMM5Hx2ioekoM0zTiQ83Dc-Z3qM6qTs3qXWsnvovVwkaFRPa1dmUuMN4t7FpZtob7-uJbn-wPizLrB29V0EZCiVJisNFAABvkfRazFdXeCeeJWGdJLIXm7IbzMsOk_A49tUksx4BWzKvDGoOO4-fypQcky2Q8p3zalYJ0lSkX3x0kv0LVwvOOdchQ=>