MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Soham Ganatra <soham.g@composio.dev>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 03:58:10 +0000
Subject: See how teams are shipping faster with Composio ⚡
Message-ID: <65d614b9-ad549c3d-1738468690-78379-2370724@outbound.intercom.composio.dev>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----5QPZFlO+JhPs/ogm4Nkgtw===_6D/84-23283-35DEE976"

[Image "composioPurpleLogo.png"] Hey there! 👋 
 It's been a week since you joined us, and I just wanted to check in to see how you're settling in with Composio and if there's anything I can help you with. 
 If you've already explored a few features, that's fantastic! If you're looking to deep dive, here are a few ideas to help you get more out of Composio: 
 - Custom OAuth Developer App: Prefer using your own OAuth setup? No worries—you can integrate a custom OAuth developer app instead. 
- Self-Hosting: Interested in self-hosting? It's totally possible. Book a quick call to discuss what that looks like. 
 See how teams are using Composio in production: 
 - Assista AI, an AI productivity platform, reduced their go-to-market time by over six months. Read the full story. 
- Fabrile AI, a no-code AI app-building platform, integrated Google Apps in just 30 minutes and showcased its MVP at TechCrunch Disrupt. Check out the full story. 
 If you have any questions or want to discuss ideas, please reach out:💬 Discord 📅 Book a call ✉️ Reply to this email 
 Happy building! 🚀Soham Co-founder, Composio 
 You're receiving this email because you signed up for Composio. you can cancel your subscription here. 
 You can unsubscribe here.