MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare Registrar <no-reply@notify.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2025 03:58:11 +0000
Subject: For Your Information: Upcoming Changes to Domain Name Contact Data
Message-ID: <68b12553aacc4_413c7835852cb@registrar-jobs-65589484b9-xxm6t.mail>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="--==_mimepart_68b12553aa849_413c7835851f1"; charset="UTF-8"



Cloudflare
=========================================================================

For Your Information: Upcoming Changes to Domain Name Contact Data
=======================================================

Hello,

Effective immediately, for gTLDs we are updating our domain name registration process to comply with a new policy from ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers).

Here's a quick overview of what's changing:

• WHOIS Data: If your domain's registrant contact has an organization listed, that information will no longer be visible in the public WHOIS/RDDS lookup, unless you have previously elected to display your organization.

• Contact Information We Collect: We will now only collect the minimum contact data required by each registry. For most domains, this will only be the registrant contact. Some country code TLDs (ccTLDs) may still require administrative, billing, or technical contacts.

• Removal of Extra Data: Any contact information in our system that is no longer required by the registry will be deleted.

You do not need to take any action. These changes will happen automatically.



Thanks,
The Cloudflare Team

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

You can contact us via the support portal (https://dash.cloudflare.com/?account=support),
Twitter (https://twitter.com/cloudflare),
and by mail (Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA).
