MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Replit <contact@mail.replit.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2024 14:59:15 +0000
Subject: Replit Starter Plan Changes
Message-ID: <6B.BC.44598.3C3A8C66@ir.mta1vrest.cc.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----KddMaCX9AqA4qn37Fz/a1w===_FA/BC-44598-3C3A8C66"

<https:> 



Hello,

We’re reaching out to tell you about changes to your Starter plan.

What is changing?



 * Number of Repls: The Starter plan is now limited to 3 Repls. Upgrade to 
Core for unlimited* Repls.
 * Collaboration limits: 1 collaborator per Starter account, 3 for Core, and 
your entire org for Teams.
 * Storage retention: Repls will be subject to deletion after 1 year of 
inactivity on the Starter plan.
 * Deployments:
 *  Starter plan users can Deploy a single static site without a credit card 
on file (1 GiB outbound data transfer limit). This change will roll out in the 
next few weeks.
 * Autoscale, Reserved VM, and Scheduled Deployments now need to be tied to a 
Core account. If you have active Deployments of these types, you’ll receive a 
separate email with more details.
 * Development
 *  Development time: The Starter plan is limited to 600 development minutes 
per month. Upgrade to Core for no development time limits.
 * Development outbound data transfer: changing Starter plan limit to 1 GiB.
 * Development storage: changing the Starter plan limit to 2 GiBs.

Unless mentioned above, these changes will fully take effect on August 26th.

 We understand that this may impact how you use Replit. We've carefully 
considered these adjustments to ensure we can continue providing a sustainable 
platform for all our users.

For a full overview of the changes, see replit.com/pricing <>. If you have any 
questions about the changes, please reach out to support@replit.com

 The Replit Team



FAQs:

Q: Will my Repls be deleted tomorrow if I haven't used the platform in a year?

A: No. We will send a heads-up email at least 30 days prior to any deletion 
events.



Q: I'm over the 3 Repl limit. Will my Repls be deleted?

A: No. Your Repls that are over the new Starter plan limit will not be 
deleted. You will still have access to your Repls.



Q: What does "active" mean in the context of the storage retention policy?

A: As long as you log into Replit at least once per year, your Repls will not 
be deleted.

*Regarding “unlimited” Repls — there is technically a high upper bound that 
almost 0 people will hit.