MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2025 11:02:00 -0700
Subject: [Action Required] Review Gemini Cloud Assist service auto-enablement for your Gemini for Google Cloud projects
Message-ID: <6e9f74fca1128ddd8f56bf289b1109170693afd5-20361321-111670322@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="000000000000d1330c063375e538"

Opt-out to exclude projects from Gemini Cloud Assist service  
auto-enablement by June 13, 2025.




MY CONSOLE




Hello Emil,

We're writing to provide an important update regarding the Gemini for  
Google Cloud APIs. Currently, Gemini for Google Cloud products (Gemini  
Cloud Assist, Gemini Code Assist, Gemini in BigQuery, Gemini in Colab  
Enterprise) all use the same Gemini for Google Cloud API.

Starting July 8, 2025, we will enable a new, dedicated Gemini Cloud Assist  
API ( geminicloudassist.googleapis.com ) on your projects where the  
existing Gemini for Google Cloud ( cloudaicompanion.googleapis.com ) API is  
currently active. This change specifically impacts users of Gemini Cloud  
Assist. Gemini Code Assist, Gemini in BigQuery, and Gemini in Colab  
Enterprise will continue to use the central Gemini for Google Cloud API (  
cloudaicompanion.googleapis.com ) until further notice.

We've provided additional information below to guide you through this  
change and opt-out options.

What you need to know

To create the best possible experience, Gemini Cloud Assist will now  
provide a dedicated API. This separation will allow for more precise  
privilege management and enable user interfaces and services to better  
serve Cloud Assist users.

Key dates and changes:


July 8, 2025: To ensure that your users have continued access to Gemini  
Cloud Assist:

The Gemini Cloud Assist API ( geminicloudassist.googleapis.com ) will be  
automatically enabled on your projects, where the Gemini for Google Cloud  
API ( cloudaicompanion.googleapis.com ) is already active.
Your Resource Usage Restriction policies that were set up for the Gemini  
for Google Cloud API will be updated to apply to the Gemini Cloud Assist API
Note: During this period, Gemini for Google Cloud API (  
cloudaicompanion.googleapis.com ) will continue to service requests your  
users make through the Google Cloud console.



January 25, 2027: Google Cloud console will begin directing all Cloud  
Assist traffic to Gemini Cloud Assist API.

Potential impacts:


Billing: This change will not result in you being charged for your use of  
Gemini Cloud Assist. If a paid Gemini Cloud Assist service is offered in  
the future, you will not be charged unless you make an explicit action to  
purchase the service.
Security: We do not expect to see an impact to your security posture  
outside the enablement of this additional API. The purpose of the API is to  
improve the ability to use Gemini Cloud Assist.

If you have Resource Usage Restriction policies, please ensure it has been  
updated correctly on or after July 9, 2025.

If you have VPC-SC perimeters, you would need to manually update the  
perimeter to include Gemini Cloud Assist ( geminicloudassist.googleapis.com  
) as a restricted service in perimeters where you have (  
cloudaicompanion.googleapis.com ) restricted. The following gcloud snippet  
provides a way to update your existing perimeter:


gcloud access-context-manager perimeters update perimeter-name --policy  
policy-number --add-restricted-services="geminicloudassist.googleapis.com”

What you need to do

Required actions if you wish to to opt out of this change:


Submit this form with your project or organization numbers by June 13,  
2025, or
Send an email to gemini-cloud-assist-feedback@google.com with your  
organization number(s) and/or project numbers(s) that you wish to opt-out

Your affected projects are listed in the attachment below.

We're here to help

If you have any questions or require assistance, please send an email to  
gemini-cloud-assist-feedback@google.com.

Thanks for choosing Gemini for Google Cloud.





— The Google Cloud Team





SUPPORT




Was this information helpful?

Yes Neutral No


© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You've received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud or your account.



Visit Google Cloud blog Visit GCP on GitHub Visit Google Cloud on LinkedIn  
Visit Google Cloud on Twitter




