MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2025 04:14:38 -0800
Subject: [Action Advised] Review the new GCE API rate limits and update Cloud monitoring artifacts
Message-ID: <7bdb02529608549b7bf0d46e9e2d1f359965d4cc-20350545-111630853@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="00000000000070ed4f062f0a8495"

We're introducing GCE simplified API rate limits.




MY CONSOLE




Hello Emil,

We're writing to inform you that the Google Compute Engine (GCE) API quota  
metrics will change by mid March 2025, introducing new API rate limits  
grouped into four simple categories with higher default limits:


Global Reads
Global Writes
Regional Reads
Regional Writes

What you need to know

By mid March 2025, we are introducing new API rate limit quota metrics with  
higher limit values. This upcoming change is designed to simplify API rate  
limit quota metric discoverability and manageability, with default quota  
values that exceed typical usage.

For projects expected to exceed the default values of the new quota  
metrics, we will automatically increase the quotas. This ensures a smooth  
transition.

What this means for you


The new categories make it easier to understand and manage your API usage  
and offer higher default quota limits.
All API usage will be charged against both new and existing quota metrics.
Quota charged against the new API rate limit will use weighted charging  
based on query complexity.
If your usage exceeds the quota limits, your requests may be rejected with  
a rateLimitExceeded error.
Existing quota metrics and usage will remain in place for backwards  
compatibility with an increased default quota limit until further notice.
Cloud monitoring alerts, dashboards, and queries will continue to work as  
is without any disruption.

What you need to do

While no immediate action is required from you, we strongly recommend  
familiarizing yourself with the new API rate limit metrics to take full  
advantage of the changes.


Review the Documentation: Learn more about the simplified API quota metrics  
in our documentation: Simplified API quota metrics.
View your quota usage and requests for higher quota values to prevent  
service disruptions.
Use simplified quota metrics in your Cloud Monitoring artifacts (Optional):  
You can add the new metrics on your Cloud Monitoring artifacts (alerts,  
dashboards, and queries). You can find detailed instructions on Use  
simplified API quota metrics in Cloud Monitoring.

We're here to help

If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact Google Cloud  
Support.

Thank you for choosing Google Compute Engine.





—The Google Cloud Team





DOCUMENTATION



SUPPORT




Was this information helpful?

Yes Neutral No


© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You have received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud Platform or your account.



Visit Google Cloud blog Visit GCP on GitHub Visit Google Cloud on LinkedIn  
Visit Google Cloud on Twitter




