MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Kaggle <noreply@kaggle.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 11 Dec 2024 10:21:13 -0800
Subject: You’re officially a Kaggler. Now what?
Message-ID: <7f10211a9a34e861d3878238190be0ccf066e98d-20126035-110779040@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000b02360062902a933"

Kaggle






Hi emilskogsund,

You're now part of the world's largest data science community. Welcome,  
we're glad you're here!

Whether you're new to machine learning or a renowned expert, we want to  
support you with powerful tools and resources to help you grow as a data  
scientist.

So, where's the best place to start?

We highly recommend trying out our popular Titanic competition. You'll be  
challenged to predict which passengers survived the infamous 1912 shipwreck.





Get Started Here



It's a quick way to get a strong grasp of how our platform works. You'll  
become more familiar with how our notebooks (online coding environment with  
no cost GPUs), open datasets, and open pretrained models work together to  
help you build data science projects.




Your agreement with Kaggle

About your Kaggle Account

A Kaggle Account allows you to access a range of Kaggle services, such as  
notebooks, datasets, and machine learning competitions.

Terms of Use

The Kaggle Terms of Use help to define the relationship between you and  
Kaggle. They describe what you can expect from using Kaggle services and  
what we expect from you. Kaggle services are provided by and you have a  
contract with:


Kaggle Inc.
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, California 94043
United States of America
support@kaggle.com


You can use your Kaggle Account for an unlimited time. That means that the  
contract doesn't end automatically, but you can terminate it when you want.

Right of withdrawal

If you're an EEA-based consumer, your contract with Kaggle is by law  
subject to an automatic right of withdrawal for 14 days from the date of  
the conclusion of the contract. To exercise the right of withdrawal, you  
must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an  
unequivocal statement (eg a letter sent by post or an e-mail). You can find  
contact details in the Kaggle Terms of Use. You don't need to give a reason  
for your withdrawal and your withdrawal is within the deadline if you send  
us the withdrawal request before the withdrawal period expires.




Questions?

Visit our Help Center to learn all about your new Kaggle Account and find  
answers to FAQs.
Need help? Please click here to contact the Kaggle support team.

Happy exploring,

The Kaggle Team



Kaggle, Inc 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043

You've received this email to confirm that you're registered for Kaggle.




