MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 25 Jun 2025 00:12:23 -0700
Subject: [Action Advised] Start using the unified Google Gen AI SDK before June 24, 2026
Message-ID: <84a2cca4c196d40ed5a0cc489118415f32ac7e79-20368851-111703817@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000a3c3500638602ad4"

We're deprecating specific Vertex AI SDK Gen AI namespaces in Python, Go,  
Java, JS.




MY CONSOLE




Hello Emil,

We're writing to inform you that the Google Gen AI SDK, a new set of  
libraries providing access to generative models on Vertex AI, reached  
General Availability (GA) in May 2025. These libraries that have been  
progressively rolled out since late 2024, are now the official and  
preferred method for developing with Generative AI (Gen AI) on the Vertex  
AI platform.

We've provided additional information and links below to guide you through  
this change.

What you need to know

The Google Gen AI SDK simplifies the transition from the Gemini API  
(available through Google AI Studio) to Vertex AI by providing unified  
libraries for both services. While Vertex AI SDKs will continue to be  
available, certain code groups within them will be deprecated.

Effective June 24, 2025, the following Gen AI namespaces under the  
“Impacted code” in Vertex AI SDK will enter the deprecation stage:


Vertex AI SDKs Impacted code Replacement Google Gen AI SDKs


Python: google-cloud-aiplatform

Modules being removed


vertexai.generative_models
vertexai.language_models
vertexai.vision_models
vertexai.caching
vertexai.tuning

google-genai



Go: cloud.google.com/go/vertexai/genai

Package being removed


vertexai.genai

google.golang.org/genai



JS/TS: @google-cloud/vertexai

Modules being removed


vertexai.generative_models
vertexai.chat_session
vertexai.functions

@google/genai



Java: com.google.cloud:google-cloud-vertexai

Package being removed


com.google.cloud.vertexai.generativeai

com.google.genai:google-genai



Key changes:


We will continue to include the “Impacted Code” in the Vertex AI SDKs until  
June 24, 2026. Any SDKs released after June 24, 2026 will not include the  
deprecated code.
All other code not listed above are excluded from the deprecation and will  
continue to be supported.
Vertex AI SDKs will continue to get bug fixes but will not get additional  
features under the “Impacted code.”

Potential impact:
Any published SDKs with the pinned versions will continue to work for some  
time. However, the “Impacted Code” listed in the table above may stop  
working at any time due to obsolete dependencies or other factors.

SDK releases after June 24, 2026 will not include the Gen AI namespaces  
stated above, potentially resulting in issues to your code base.

What you need to do

Action advised:
If you currently depend on the Gen AI namespaces listed under the “Impacted  
Code” in the Vertex AI SDK, please start transitioning to the Google Gen AI  
SDK before June 24, 2026.

Please review the migration guide document and take the necessary action.

Impacted customers/accounts:

Your affected projects, format project_id (project_number), are listed  
below:


fair-charmer-436016-b2 (515092953884)

We're here to help

We understand that this change may require some planning, and we're here to  
support you during this process. If you have any questions or require  
assistance, please contact Google Cloud Support or post a question on  
Google Cloud Community AI/ML forum.

Thanks for choosing Vertex AI.





— The Google Cloud Team





DOCUMENTATION



SUPPORT




Was this information helpful?

Yes Neutral No


© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You've received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud or your account.



Visit Google Cloud blog Visit GCP on GitHub Visit Google Cloud on LinkedIn  
Visit Google Cloud on Twitter




