MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 07 Nov 2025 14:40:18 +0000
Subject: Under attack mode enabled for skogai.se
Message-ID: <88.B7.43116.2D40E096@i-01b0beb78083d1183.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----Z2Qqm2NpIvPTMiucsHZg/A===_67/B7-43116-2D40E096"

Under attack mode enabled for skogai.se You've turned on Under Attack mode for skogai.se Cloudflare recommends taking the following actions to further protect your website. Configure your site You've turned on Under Attack mode, which adds additional security checks to help mitigate Layer 7 DDoS attacks. Visitors will see an interstitial page when they visit and you will see an impact on your site analytics, so we recommend keeping Under Attack mode on only as long as necessary. Here are additional recommended steps you can take to protect your site now and in the future: Enable DDoS Protection Ensure your DDoS protection is enabled with the default sensitivity levels and mitigation action. Enable Enable WAF Managed Rules Keep applications and APIs secure, thwart DDoS attacks, and detect anomalies and malicious payloads, all while monitoring for browser supply chain attacks. Enable Challenge or block traffic via the Security tab Block traffic by creating IP Access Rules, Firewall Rules, and more. Enable Enable Bot Fight Mode Enable simple but powerful reporting and controls for blocking malicious bot traffic. Enable Turn on DDoS Alerts Turn on DDoS alerts to receive a notification when Cloudflare detects an attack on your site. Enable Upgrade to a Pro Plan and get more security features to prevent attacks before they happen: Security features include: Page Shield Super Bot Fight Mode 20 Custom WAF Rules OWASP Core Ruleset Managed Ruleset On top of the security features, the pro plan includes performance and reliability features as well. See full list of features here. For more resources on mitigating DDoS attacks, see our help docs and DDoS dev docs. Upgrade to Pro Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 Unsubscribe