MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 19 Sep 2025 22:19:16 +0000
Subject: Announcing new tech luminaries for Cloudflare Connect
Message-ID: <8A.24.57133.4E6DDC86@i-06b91731879f72abc.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----qSOB9Wn6+G1rlWaJWDX98w===_5A/24-57133-4E6DDC86"

Will we see you in Las Vegas? Don’t miss Cloudflare’s premier user conference, Oct. 13-16 in Las Vegas Connect, protect, and build together at Cloudflare Connect Register Now In just 4 weeks, Cloudflare Connect takes over Las Vegas—October 13–16 at the Aria. It’s where the future of the internet comes into focus, and where you decide how you’ll be part of it. The Connect Agenda Builder is live. Explore the full library of sessions—designed for builders, innovators, and leaders. From deep-dive breakouts to visionary keynotes, you can now create a personalized roadmap that makes every moment count. (You’ll need to be registered to save your agenda.) Explore the agenda Hear from great voices on the mainstage We’re thrilled to welcome several outstanding tech luminaries like Geoff Campbell, SVP of Strategy & Business Development at Condé Nast. They will all share how they’re reshaping industries and building what’s next. Geoff Campbell, SVP of Strategy & Business Development, Condé Nast Register Now Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe