MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Ben Lower <ben@ultravox.ai>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Mon, 02 Mar 2026 10:36:07 -0600
Subject: Ultravox: Real-time function calling with Tools
Message-ID: <935581179.6369004.1772469367587@sjmktmail-trigger1i.marketo.org>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_Part_6369003_1836650104.1772469367576"

Hey Skogix,

I hope your experience with Ultravox has been going smoothly so far. In this email, I've shared a couple of suggestions for things you can build today in less than 30 minutes, as well as information on our various SDKs.

I would also like to invite you to join the Ultravox community on Discord <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjE75WkMef6fsDO07DzfCDlID2iieCTdfv9ZB7oASxF_CnSlY4BAVjXJQdVgOj1W1t8MQ=>. This is a great place to interact with members of the community who are building cutting-edge speech-to-speech AI applications, as well as connect with members of the Ultravox team.
Extend your voice agent's capabilities with built-in and custom tools
Built-in Tools
Built-in tools provide common functionality right out of the box. These tools allow your agents to perform tasks like leaving a voicemail, ending a call, or transferring the call to a human.

Quickstart: Built-in Tools → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjEyUZyvCMyd-4pxye3vhuhz4jQi8cFApupaqAemL9IHWfv12NBvQ8BdSihed253FSZBo=>
Custom Tools
Custom tools allow your agent to communicate with external systems and perform real-world actions. If you can do it with a function, you can do it with a custom tool.

Quickstart: Custom Tools → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjExQECp6KaE_ZUpAJW9F6D5SytuQMEIXRJ-AJZ9dlL4ZD6nO2DOcOb39NF8haqFRD2F0=>
Client SDKs: Add voice AI to your web and mobile applications

The Ultravox SDK enables you to integrate voice AI agents into web and native apps. Each of the SDKs is open source and includes an example application to help you get started fast.

Learn more → <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjE0xuXuDorGtrlwh3e8GNtBL3vkJWorpgVVti9_oW-_1LI1CcPoySM5zFSSTdQzJ5HyM=>
Please don't hesitate to contact us via email at support@ultravox.ai <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjE_tFLtUjz-kgI0DQVflFAm3zMLaY5fK6BfSG_FdzgblMvD_XMGQ9HP1vYnekrdWdrBg=> if you have questions, need help, or have suggestions on anything we can do to make Ultravox more useful for you! And don't forget, you can also connect with the Ultravox user community on Discord <https://goto.ultravox.ai/NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjE75WkMef6fsDO07DzfCDlID2iieCTdfv9ZB7oASxF_CnSlY4BAVjXJQdVgOj1W1t8MQ=>.

Happy building!

Ben
Ultravox by Fixie.ai, Inc 
 You received this messsage because you've subscribed to emails from Ultravox. Click here <https://go.ultravox.ai/UnsubscribePage.html?mkt_unsubscribe=1&mkt_tok=NTc3LUNUQS0xOTMAAAGgTmDjE_PaZcVD4wL-HXW5b-gXxHfJrrbA1x6zIppWYMzc8RgZ8tlfG6aFost050zeYY4AZlE7XKDeFaxH2iGcTGn_7RZoMEpjdJU> to unsubscribe.
