MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Wed, 27 Nov 2024 08:56:46 +0000
Subject: Free Plan purchased for skogsund.se
Message-ID: <9B.21.40625.ECED6476@i-0f31c748ca87a4151.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----PVytlYKb5JetN4RGVGtXAw===_7B/21-40625-ECED6476"

Free Plan purchased for skogsund.se Start by enabling a few features designed to protect and optimize the performance of your website. Welcome to your free plan for skogsund.se! Get familiar with our documentation, tools, and features available now. Manage Website Onboarding 101 Getting Started with Cloudflare (Free Plan) Learn how you can get the most out of your Free plan. Learn more Transfer Domain to Cloudflare Cloudflare sells domains at cost allowing us to have the lowest price available. You pay what we pay. Transfer Domain Optimize Performance Brotli Speed up page load times for your visitor’s HTTPS traffic by applying Brotli compression. Enable Run a Speed Test See important stats on how quickly your website is loading and how much faster it is on Cloudflare’s network. Run test Improve Security Bot Fight Mode Simple but powerful reporting and controls for managing bot traffic. Enable Automatic HTTPS Rewrites Redirect all requests with scheme “http” to “https”. This applies to all http requests to the zone. Enable Recommendations for skogsund.se Pro Plan For users primarily focused on improving website and application performance. $25 / month Go Pro > Argo Experience faster website load times and reduced latency, all while simplifying management. $5 / month + usage Get Argo > APO Take your WordPress site’s performance to the next level with APO. $5 / month Get APO > Images Upload, store, and resize images with ease at low costs. For websites and applications with many images. Usage based pricing Upload Images > Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2024 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe