MIME-Version: 1.0
From: "Rita @ Cloudflare" <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2025 23:01:41 +0000
Subject: MCP Demo Day, Dev Week Retro + More Shipping
Message-ID: <A1.1A.25503.5DBA2186@i-004ec8db5af163ef3.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----YMHeMVLrmd7WLE31AYTbpw===_40/1A-25503-5DBA2186"

MCP Demo Day, Dev Week Retro + More Shipping We've cooked up a fun week for developers interested in building agents on Cloudflare ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Post Developer Week Updates (MCP Edition) Aprill 14 — April 30 Developer Week feels like ages ago and we just keep on shipping! If you follow us on X/Twitter, you might have clued on to the fact that we are very excited about MCP and agents (speaking of which, if you missed our agents site launch from Dev Week, this is still a good time to check it out). If you're building with MCP, we want to do the heavy lifting for you, especially around the tricky bits like authentication, tool discovery, and connection management, and leave the fun bits of making your service MCP-first, to you. MCP Product Updates: Streamable HTTP Transport + Python Support We’re continuing to make it easier for developers to bring their services into the AI ecosystem with MCP. Starting today, the Agents SDK now supports the new Streamable HTTP transport and you can now build MCP servers on Cloudflare that are entirely written in Python. Get started with our growing library of MCP demos and access the Cloudflare MCP server — did you know we had one? MCP Demo Day — Streaming Tomorrow (May 1) The world's most innovative companies — who have already built and deployed MCP servers to Cloudflare — will be showcasing how they've enabled AI assistants to securely interact with their services on behalf of users. Watch live demos from Asana, Intercom, Square, Linear, Webflow + more as they offer a sneak peek into the future of agentic software! Register to Attend Live Create an MCP Server with Kent C. Dodds and Craig Dennis — Streaming Tomorrow (May 1) Now that you've seen what's possible with MCP — let's create a server. Join Kent C. Dodds — renowned engineer, educator, and open-source champion — alongside our host Craig Dennis, Developer Educator at Cloudflare, as they build an MCP server! Don't Miss It - Add to Calendar ICYMI — Developer Week '25 Recap From the world’s largest data and engineering teams to the weekend vibe coder, this year’s Developer Week (April 7-11) was all about shipping products and features to empower every developer to build on and deploy to “region:Earth” on Cloudflare. If you blinked and missed it, we wrote a blog to recap the announcements. From the Changelog Custom Errors are now generally available for all paid plans — bringing a unified and powerful experience for customizing error responses at both the zone and account levels. Cron triggers are now supported in Python Workers You can now filter AutoRAG search results by folder and timestamp using metadata filtering to narrow down the scope of your query. Read multiple keys from Workers KV with bulk reads Queues pull consumers can now pull and acknowledge up to 5,000 messages / second per queue (up from 1,200 requests / 5 minutes). Custom Fields now support logging both raw and transformed values for request and response headers in the HTTP requests dataset. -- Hope to see you soon, and as always, looking forward to seeing what you build! Rita Kozlov VP, Product Start Building Login Join the Discord Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe