MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 17 Jun 2025 13:09:43 -0700
Subject: [Action Required] Review change to Dataplex data management
Message-ID: <a3a452ac2ab4a12c2aeff831c3a83e427af71659-20361137-111700400@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000d563230637ca177a"

Hello Emil,

You’re receiving this communication because you are an active user of the  
Dataplex API service (dataplex.googleapis.com).

We’re writing to inform you that starting July 17, 2025, we’re changing how  
your data is processed when you disable the service.

We’ve provided additional information below to help you understand this  
change.

What you need to know

Key changes:

Starting July 17, 2025:

    - Disabling Dataplex API access[1] will no longer automatically delete  
your Dataplex resources after 30 days
    - You’ll continue to be billed for your data unless you manually delete  
all data associated with Dataplex before disabling the service's API access
    - This change aligns with Google’s guidance on disabling services[2]

Potential impact:

There is no immediate impact if you continue to use the Dataplex service.

However, if you disable Dataplex API access and do not delete your data,  
you will continue to be billed for its storage. You can find information on  
storage pricing in the Dataplex Pricing documentation[3].

What you need to do

Required actions:

Starting July 17, 2025, if you choose to discontinue using the Dataplex  
service, you must delete all associated data before disabling the service's  
API access, to stop future charges.

Impacted customers/accounts:

Your affected projects, format project_id (project_number), are listed  
below:

    - fair-charmer-436016-b2 (515092953884)

We’re here to help

If you have any questions or require assistance, please contact Google  
Cloud Support[4].

Thanks for choosing Dataplex.

— The Google Cloud Team

[1] https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs/enable-api#disable
[2] https://cloud.google.com/service-usage/docs/enable-disable#disabling
[3]  
https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/pricing#metadata-storage:~:text=Catalog%20pricing-,Metadata%20storage%20pricing,-API%20pricing
[4] https://support.google.com/

© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You’ve received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud or your account.
