MIME-Version: 1.0
From: The Firebase Team <firebase-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2025 21:12:01 -0800
Subject: Participate in a Firebase Survey
Message-ID: <abe6444f3292c2bd10468d3d031d39bcd4a6d04f-20323884-111524335@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000ed62da062f916d2c"

Hello!

Do you work on apps in Firebase? We'd like to hear from you!

Hurry, time is running out!

The Firebase team is conducting research on your experiences with creating  
and managing new Firebase projects, including your goals, challenges, and  
ideas for improvement, and we’d love your feedback! This survey is an  
opportunity to share your experience and highlight opportunities for us to  
improve. The survey should take 10 minutes to complete.

If you qualify and complete the entire survey, you will receive the  
equivalent of $0 as an incentive, in the form of a gift card from our thank  
you gift distributor, within 7-10 business days.

If interested, please click on the button below to begin.
Start the survey:  
https://notifications.google.com/g/p/ANiao5o_K3YUxaOXilkhH3u6Oa0b1z6KTkcXS1E5_xD-PDu1Quq1xC0wMfggvvYCR1ZLdcEPyLysnGUjP5HYgxQ2KaAboo3NorCjNfazckVUTbgEzaIzE6SrMVjWOApOcJU9gL2w8gAHE8S7kBNk1l3a7EdKg1FIIdu4P0ozk84p48cbBshh0z8vQg

Thank you for your time!
The Firebase Research Team

Why am I being contacted?

You were contacted because you indicated that you are willing to provide  
feedback about Firebase.

If you no longer wish to receive such emails in the future, please  
unsubscribe here  
(<https://notifications.google.com/g/p/ANiao5ooff2QhX5eyVY0yayAyKzDuGhatLeqFJf39cN5BqriEbxXRHZ_z4QRPi_PDlqi3bWQGgQbjz1GK-Uhl1Uuzhrk1RFOnv02zkhFdCcytV5ydBuUttXAFylDQjXzF3EIYGzsC6XLAuPqWjcK0G3sjcouXTjyk7CcdrBLn2au>)  
by opting out of "Research and testing" in the Updates and Promotions  
settings of the Firebase Console.

© 2025 Google LLC. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043  |   
Privacy Policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy)
