MIME-Version: 1.0
From: The GCP Marketplace Team <gcp-marketplace-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 16:24:37 -0800
Subject: [Legal Notice] Changes to Google Cloud Marketplace Terms of Service effective February 3, 2025
Message-ID: <ca1845e8faefb9ac668483e40ae3ceee37b0a11a-20349030-111625871@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000b2ae7d062d46085a"

Dear Emil,

We’re writing to let you know that effective February 3, 2025, the Google  
Cloud Marketplace Terms of Service[1] (MP ToS) and Google Cloud Marketplace  
Terms of Service - Resellers[2] (MP Reseller ToS) have been updated.  
Pursuant to Section 5 of the MP ToS and Section 6 of the MP Reseller ToS,  
Google may make changes to these Terms of Service from time to time.

We have provided additional information below to guide you through this  
change.

What you need to know

The changes implemented with this update are summarized below. You can also  
review the updated Marketplace Terms of Service[3] in full for the actual  
legal language for these changes.

Marketplace Terms of Service

- Enabling split invoicing for the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and  
other regions with similar invoicing plans. Marketplace customers and  
resellers agree to pay the Google entity reflected on the applicable  
invoice or as otherwise directed by Google. This Google entity may be  
different from the Google entity that the customer and reseller previously  
paid for Marketplace transactions. (Section 2 of MP ToS and MP Reseller  
ToS).
- Clarifying that Vendor Products with containerized applications that run  
on a Kubernetes cluster in Google Kubernetes Engine may not be deployed  
outside of Google Cloud Platform. (Section 3.5 of MP ToS and MP Reseller  
ToS).
- Adding an obligation that Google will refund a Marketplace customer or  
reseller if mutually agreed upon with the Vendor. (Section 6.6 of the MP  
ToS; Section 7.6 of the MP Reseller ToS).
- Tax-related changes to clarify taxation obligations under agency for  
customers located in France. France requires that French customers be  
notified that they may have withholding tax requirements and to include a  
link to the relevant guidance. (Section 14 - new Section 3.6 under "EMEA"  
of the MP ToS; and Section 15 - new Section 3.6 under “EMEA” of the MP  
Reseller ToS).
- Representation and warranty that the Vendor Products purchased via  
Marketplace will be used in connection with business activities. (Section  
14 - new Section 13.6 under "EMEA" regional terms of the MP ToS; Section 15  
- new Section 14.6 under “EMEA” regional terms of the MP Reseller ToS).
- Adding regional terms for Latin America - Mexico to account for  
localization requirements for the Mexico region (Section 14 of the MP ToS;  
Section 15 of the MP Reseller ToS).

What you need to do

No action is required on your part for this update.

Thanks for choosing Google Cloud Marketplace.

—The Google Cloud Marketplace Team

[1] https://cloud.google.com/terms/marketplace/launcher
[2] https://cloud.google.com/terms/marketplace/resellers
[3] https://cloud.google.com/terms/marketplace/launcher?e=48754805&

© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You have received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud Platform or your account.
