MIME-Version: 1.0
From: "Rita @ Cloudflare" <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Thu, 27 Mar 2025 21:01:22 +0000
Subject: March Developer Updates
Message-ID: <D4.4E.08099.2ACB5E76@i-04064ebb55cc92937.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----y/XPgD94o57+kcWxKiWdxg===_44/4E-08099-2ACB5E76"

March Developer Updates Learn about npm i agents, increased Workers CPU-time, MCP servers, new Workers AI models and more. ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ Start Building Hey Developers! It’s been an exciting few weeks of shipping here at Cloudflare, so we wanted to give you a digestible update of the latest and greatest. You can now just 'npm i agents' We decided to drop the “-sdk” and rename our Agents library to just agents. It’s cleaner. Also, we’ve added a few important updates to the SDK, which you can read about in our new changelog. To get started building agents, you can now simply run: npm i agents Build and Deploy an MCP Server in minutes Everyone is talking about MCP, so we’re making it easy to build out MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers on Cloudflare Workers. Just define your API methods as Typescript functions and our tooling will automatically expose the methods as Tools that MCP clients like Claude Desktop or Cursor will be able to use. We’ll automatically handle the tool discovery, protocol handling, and request routing, you just write the code. If you’re writing an MCP server for the very first time, we’d love to help. Just shoot us an email at 1800-mcp@cloudflare.com to connect with an engineer to help you get started. Also, this blog is incredible. Run Workers for up to 5 minutes of CPU-time You can now run a Worker for up to 5 minutes of CPU time for each request. Previously, each Workers request ran for a maximum of 30 seconds of CPU time — making some compute-intensive tasks were impossible to do with a Worker. New models available in Workers AI Workers AI is excited to add 4 new models to the catalog, including 2 brand new classes of models with a text-to-speech and reranker model. Pricing is available for each of these models on the Workers AI pricing page. @cf/baai/bge-m3 - a multi-lingual embeddings model that supports over 100 languages. @cf/baai/bge-reranker-base - our first reranker model that takes a query and context, and outputs a similarity score between the two. @cf/openai/whisper-large-v3-turbo - a faster, more accurate speech-to-text model. This model was added earlier but is graduating out of beta with pricing included today. @cf/myshell-ai/melotts - our first text-to-speech model that allows users to generate an MP3 with voice audio from inputted text. We’ve also added support for using Workers AI to convert files into markdown. ICYMI: Media transformations for video, hyperdrive latency reduced by 90%, Wrangler v4, Browser Rendering REST API and more… All the announcements above are just from this past week, but we wanted to surface a few more announcements from the previous week in case you missed them: New AI models added to Workers AI: you now have access to our first reranker model (similarity score between query/context). Our first text-to-speech model, MeloTTS! Access bindings from anywhere in your Worker with import ‘env’ Stop switching between GitHub & Cloudflare’s Dashboard with retry directly built-in GitHub Media transformations for short form video files; automatically right-size, dynamically deliver short form videos without the need to manually create and find storage for your short form assets. Hyperdrive reduced latency by 90% by pooling database connections in nearby regions. You can now access existing databases on AWS, GCP and Neon even faster. New Wrangler CLI release candidate v4.0.0-rc.0, includes new JavaScript language features Browser rendering rest API open beta, if you’re building AI agents you can use it to capture screenshots, generate PDFs, extract content and scrape web elements. -- Hope to see you soon, and as always, looking forward to seeing what you build! Rita Kozlov VP, Product Start Building Login Join the Discord Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe