MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 29 Jul 2025 07:00:33 +0000
Subject: Unexpected increase in bot traffic for aldervall.se
Message-ID: <DB.2D.08217.19178886@i-06d63a376b52d4b32.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----OwsIX7SREbdPK7S7Xzc9Ig===_9B/2D-08217-19178886"

Unexpected increase in bot traffic for aldervall.se Configure Super Bot Fight Mode to block bad bots Spike in automated traffic detected Configure Super Bot Fight Mode Cloudflare scores every request on our network to determine the likelihood the request came from a bot or a human. We've detected an increase in your automated traffic that may indicate malicious bot activity. Automated traffic typically makes up 24.0% of your traffic. On 2025-07-27, automated traffic increased by 104.0% for aldervall.se. 24.0% traffic that was automated over a recent 30-day period 49.0% Traffic that was automated on 2025-07-27 104.0% Increase in automated traffic A sudden increase in automated traffic is not necessarily bad, but it can be a sign of vulnerability. Bot attacks (or malicious requests) can increase origin costs, ruin customer experience, and pose security risks. With Cloudflare's Super Bot Fight Mode, you can monitor and block malicious traffic. As a Pro plan customer, you get access to our Bot Report and simple controls to block bad bots. We recommend reviewing your Bot Report and making configuration changes as necessary to your settings. If you need more granular control over how to treat different types of automated traffic, consider upgrading to a Business plan for more advanced bot mitigation features. Business plan customers can target “likely automated” traffic in addition to "definitely automated" traffic, and have options to issue a challenge, block entirely, or doing nothing at all. Stop malicious bots with Super Bot Fight Mode Configure Super Bot Fight Mode Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe