MIME-Version: 1.0
From: "Rita @ Cloudflare" <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Mon, 23 Jun 2025 20:35:47 +0000
Subject: Containers are coming...
Message-ID: <E1.7D.48815.3AAB9586@i-0d79952cb82b8fe95.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----IicjY7buxnPvvjdVh87HYA===_F0/7D-48815-3AAB9586"

Containers are coming... It's Ship Summer at Cloudflare and we're shipping feature requests and new products that you're gonna love.  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ It's Ship Summer June Developer Platform Update Summer is off to a hot start for the developer platform. We're not only shipping long standing feature requests like read-only access to Workers and remote bindings in local dev, but we're releasing major updates to our AI developer tools and real-time capabilities. Oh, and the end of June is approaching, which means...It's finally time for Containers. Ship summer is only getting started. Follow us on X/Twitter and subscribe to the changelog so you don't miss a ship. Cloudflare Containers Public Beta During Developer Week in April, we announced that Containers were coming to Workers in June. Well, it's June. Tomorrow, we're making good on our promise and announcing the Containers public beta! Join tomorrow's live stream at 10 am PT / 1 pm ET to get details, see demos, preview the road map, and ask our team anything! Connect any React application to an MCP server in three lines of code Last week, we open-sourced two tools that make it infinitely easier to build and deploy MCP clients: use-mcp — A React library that connects to any remote MCP server in just 3 lines of code, with transport, authentication, and session management automatically handled. We're excited to contribute this library to the MCP ecosystem to enable more developers to build remote MCP clients. The AI Playground — Cloudflare’s AI chat interface platform that uses a number of LLM models to interact with remote MCP servers, with support for the latest MCP standard, which you can now deploy yourself. Realtime Video Conferencing — 10 lines of code. We're starting to grant a limited number of users access to RealtimeKit, our platform for building real-time video and voice AI applications, and developers are already building full "full on conferencing" with just a few lines of code. Join tomorrow's online tech talk on 'Engineering Realtime', to watch demos and learn more about how we handle the WebRTC and streaming infrastructure with near-zero latency. Did you know? We have (free) Browser Automation. With Browser Rendering, you can control and interact with headless browser instances running on Cloudflare’s global network. From generating PDFs to taking screenshots - the use cases are infinite and quite powerful. Available on free and paid plans. From the Changelog Automate Worker deployments with a simplified SDK and Terraform v5.6.0 View custom metadata in responses and guide AI-search with context in AutoRAG Remote bindings public beta - Connect to remote resources (D1, KV, R2, etc.) during local development Control which routes invoke your Worker script for Single Page Applications Grant account members read-only access to the Workers Platform Increased limits for Media Transformations Access git commit sha and branch name as environment variables in Workers Builds AI Gateway adds OpenAI compatible endpoint -- Hope to see you soon, and as always, looking forward to seeing what you build! Rita Kozlov VP, Product Start Building Login Join the Discord Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe