MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 12 Nov 2024 22:14:54 +0000
Subject: 4 reasons Cloudflare Pro may be right for you
Message-ID: <E3.8B.22801.E53D3376@kr.mta1vrest.cc.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----1SvdOUABWIQqGZZFbpPZ9Q===_B3/8B-22801-E53D3376"

4 reasons Cloudflare Pro may be right for you Unlock new WAF (firewall) capabilities and no-code speed tools for your site 4 signs it's time to upgrade to Cloudflare Pro Upgrade to Pro 1. Your website is generating revenue regularly Enhancing the security of your website is essential for generating revenue. The Pro plan offers an advanced web application firewall (WAF) with 20 custom rules that prevent cyber threats and downtime to ensure your website maximizes it's revenue potential. 2. You have more than 1 TB of requests monthly Websites with over 1 TB of requests gain enhanced performance when upgrading to the Pro plan. Optimization features such as Image Resizing and Mirage mobile optimization improve site speed. Advanced analytics gives you a better understanding of how web traffic is interacting with your site and enables you to deploy configurations to improve your visitors' experience. 3. Your website uses server-side applications (PHP, Python, Ruby, C#, JavaScript, etc.) Cloudflare helps websites using server-side applications by improving performance, enhancing security, and increasing availability through features such as a CDN, DDoS protection, load balancing, SSL/TLS encryption, and a suite of speed tools. 4. There is a substantial risk if your website is hacked Upgrading to Cloudflare Pro is highly recommended for websites facing a substantial risk of hacking. In addition to the advanced WAF, features such as Super Bot Fight Mode enable you to protect your site from malicious bots by identifying, challenging, and blocking bot traffic. This gives you peace of mind and helps ensure the safety of your website and its data. Get the security and speed to take your site next level The Pro plan is just $25/mo (save 20% by paying annually) Upgrade to Pro Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2024 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 Unsubscribe