MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2025 13:01:10 +0000
Subject: Log Explorer is now GA
Message-ID: <E9.82.09349.6987BF86@i-0d47fe2725d562d68.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----TtGQ6jIOo20XN526ufsmxQ===_39/82-09349-6987BF86"

Log Explorer is now GA Cloudflare Log Explorer is now generally available! We've heard your feedback and worked hard to bring powerful observability and forensics capabilities directly into your Cloudflare dashboard. Get Log Explorer Logs are stored on Cloudflare's global network using the R2 object storage platform. Log Explorer gives you a comprehensive view of your Cloudflare logs, helping you: Quickly detect, triage, and investigate security incidents and application performance issues, leading to faster recovery times. Easily monitor security and performance using intuitive custom dashboards, even creating charts with a natural language interface. Perform in-depth investigations and save queries for collaboration with your team. Log Explorer is designed to streamline your operations by offering direct mitigation capabilities within your Cloudflare customer dashboard. Log Explorer is built on Cloudflare R2 using Apache Parquet and Delta Lake to ensure efficient data storage and querying. Log Explorer billing is based on the number of GBs indexed and stored, at $1 per GB (first 10GB are completely free!). Read Documentation Get Log Explorer Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe