MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Fri, 03 Oct 2025 22:01:00 +0000
Subject: skogsund.online and 1 other is expiring soon
Message-ID: <F1.F8.01296.C9740E86@i-03b55cc7e3c433eb8.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----jtHayxEflDjpc97RCKUNdQ===_61/F8-01296-C9740E86"

domain expiring domain expiring Consider transferring to Cloudflare Registrar to pay less for your domains Domains that are about to expire The domain(s) listed below are expiring with your existing registrar soon. This is a reminder to renew your registration to ensure your domains remain active or transfer them to Cloudflare to save on your registration fees. Domain Days until expiration   Transfer Domains Consider transferring to Cloudflare Registrar to save money on your domains Cloudflare Registrar offers wholesale pricing for all domains—you pay what we pay. No markup, no additional fees, no surprises. Transfer your domain to Cloudflare Registrar instead of renewing with your current registrar and pay less. Prevent Downtime Renew today and the number of days you have left will be added to your renewal term. Smooth Transfers The transfer process is quick and easy, with detailed instructions. You’ll benefit from the same world-class performance and security enhancements enabled by Cloudflare’s global network. And with Cloudflare Registrar, you can manage everything from one unified dashboard. Transfer Domains Upgrade Plan Login Visit Community Copyright © 2025 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe