MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Google Cloud <CloudPlatform-noreply@google.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 15 Apr 2025 08:50:25 -0700
Subject: [Product Update] Project IDX is now Firebase Studio
Message-ID: <f7c6e5a2b8cbb5904668e08a1fd6de5cdf50c1f9-20359401-111659727@google.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="00000000000083c0be0632d32086"

Hello Emil,

You’re receiving this communication because you’re an existing Project IDX  
user.

We’re writing to inform you that Project IDX has been integrated into the  
Firebase[1] platform and is now called Firebase Studio.

What you need to know

Project IDX began as an experiment to explore faster and more seamless  
full-stack multiplatform app development in the cloud. Through the valuable  
feedback of many developers, we’ve determined that combining the strengths  
of Project IDX with the Firebase platform and incorporating advancements in  
generative AI is the optimal path forward.

All existing Project IDX features are retained, including the cloud-based  
development environment, templates for popular frameworks and languages,  
ability to import existing applications, AI assistance from Gemini,  
integrations with popular Google APIs, built-in web previews and Android  
emulators.

Key changes:

    - AI coding assistance: Gemini functionality in IDX is now unified with  
Gemini in Firebase, making it easier to select the most suitable Gemini  
models for your coding tasks
    - Multimodal prompting: Supports prompting with natural language,  
images, and drawing tools, including an App Prototyping agent[2] for  
generating full-stack applications (initially Next.js web apps)
    - Firebase integration: Increased integration with Firebase services,  
such as publishing web apps to Firebase App Hosting and creating AI flows  
or Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) with Genkit
    - Performance improvements: Faster load and build times and improved  
overall performance
    - More customization options: Expanded development environment  
customization available

What you need to do

Required actions:

You’ll need to accept the Terms of Service for Firebase Studio[3] to access  
your existing projects and data in Firebase Studio, upon your next login.

Timelines:

This change is effective immediately.

We’re here to help

We’re here to support you during this transition. If you have any  
questions, please reach out to the Firebase Community Support team[4] or  
the discussion forum[5].

Thanks for choosing Project IDX.

– The Google Cloud Team

[1] https://firebase.google.com/
[2] https://firebase.google.com/docs/studio/get-started-ai
[3] https://studio.firebase.google.com
[4] https://firebase.google.com/support/troubleshooter/studio?db=harveyjen
[5] https://community.firebasestudio.dev/

© 2025 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

You have received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Google Cloud Platform or your account.
