MIME-Version: 1.0
From: ZITADEL Legal <legal@zitadel.com>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Thu, 05 Dec 2024 13:50:23 +0000
Subject: ZITADEL: Updated Sub-Processors
Message-ID: <fb0e10e2.AVQAAFkyjWkAAAAgzkoAAOlNxckAAAABPMkAAg1kABkIJQBnUa-g@mailjet.com>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="=-OvVKsBdbi6FBtZ6SGk+X"

Update to our legal agreements with you

View online version http://0wkkr.mjt.lu/nl3/0WWBFAqfXYwW95nZcJqNbQ?m=AVQAAFkyjWkAAAAgzkoAAOlNxckAAAABPMkAAg1kABkIJQBnUa-gwO1drfJ5Re6tBFrrNvsZTgAYXxc&b=fb0e10e2&e=cc1b67d5&x=xcSoY2dt1FF07ggVCD2msupDyEQ4qQdSHKW_8QbPtUQ



<<ZITADEL - Cloud Native IAM>> [https://zitadel.com]



Updated Sub-Processors
Dear all,

We have updated our list of sub-processors for ZITADEL to improve our services. You can find an up-to-date list of our sub-processors in our trust center [https://trust.zitadel.com].

Please find the most important changes outlined in this email. 
Why we are making these changes

We're refining our services to enhance user experience, bolster data security, and gain valuable insights into product usage to drive continuous improvement for all our customers. The new sub-processors help us understand the needs and engagement of our community, so we can respond faster and better to requests. We also include new product analytics tools for our cloud service. While keeping the collected data strictly anonymous, we want to gain more insights on feature usage and user experience, which will improve the developer experience of our services.
Change in sub-processors

You can find more information about our sub-processors from now on in our trust center [https://zitadel.com/trust]. Following changes were made to our sub-processors:

 * Added PostHog, Inc. for Product Analytics
 * Added Common Room, Inc. for Community Engagement
 * Added Slack Technologies, LLC for Internal Communication

We ensured to follow the guidelines on transborder data flows for checking the admissibility of data transfers with reference to foreign countries before onboarding these sub-processors.
These updated terms will take effect on December 5, 2024 and will apply to you if you use ZITADEL, our websites, or any of our services.
In case you may have any questions please reply to this email or contact us. [https://zitadel.com/contact]

Best regards, 
Maximilian from ZITADEL



[]
This e-mail has been sent to emil.skogsund@gmail.com, click here to unsubscribe http://0wkkr.mjt.lu/unsub2?hl=en&m=AVQAAFkyjWkAAAAgzkoAAOlNxckAAAABPMkAAg1kABkIJQBnUa-gwO1drfJ5Re6tBFrrNvsZTgAYXxc&b=fb0e10e2&e=cc1b67d5&x=xcSoY2dt1FF07ggVCD2msupDyEQ4qQdSHKW_8QbPtUQ. 
You have received this email as our legal agreement between us has changed.
ZITADEL by 
CAOS Ltd, Lerchenfeldstrasse 3, 9014 St. Gallen, CH