MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Rita at Cloudflare <em@em1.cloudflare.com>
To: emil@skogsund.se
Date: Tue, 13 Jan 2026 17:49:16 +0000
Subject: It's 2026. Is Cloudflare the New Stack?
Message-ID: <FC.4D.03684.C9586696@i-03d11cc7d8187539d.mta1vrest.sd.prd.sparkpost>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----zS9WWDwgW3lkAl+w93n9fw===_8C/4D-03684-C9586696"

It's 2026. Is Cloudflare the New Stack? Preview what's in store for this year and check out some of our favorite releases, AI models, and builds from last year.  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏  ͏ 2026: Cloudflare is the New Stack January Developer Platform Update Hey, it’s Rita — I lead product for Cloudflare’s Developer Platform. A new year always feels like there’s new opportunity in the air, but I have to be honest — going into 2026, I felt it more than any other year before. Heading into 2026 truly feels like one of those moments where anything can happen. Playing around with some of the new models and tools available to developers feels like you can bring any idea in your head to life in no time. Building things is not just easier. Cheesy as it may sound, building things has become a lot more fun. You can speedrun trying out new ideas, automate things (read: building lots and lots of agents!), write and rewrite software in any language or framework. What does that mean for our users? 1. We’re committed to building the best platform for allowing you to deploy any application you build, and providing all the primitives you need for them. Spinning up many applications for every need only works if the scaling and maintenance cost is low — that is exactly what we seek out to do with our developer platform which scales infinitely (or back down to zero!) depending on your needs. I don’t pick favorites, but reflecting back on 2025, these product updates will make building so much better in 2026: Agents SDK, a new JavaScript framework for building AI agents. Containers, now available in beta for all users on paid plans. Workflows, our serverless durable execution engine, is now GA. Sandbox SDK, run untrusted code securely in isolated environments. RealtimeKit, a collection of SDKs and server-side services make it easier than ever to build real-time voice, video, and AI applications. MCP Server Build Kit, a better way to build and deploy MCP servers used by Stripe, Linear, Asana, PayPal and more. AI Gateway, a connection to major AI providers directly through partnerships with Anthropic, Google, Groq, OpenAI, and xAI. 2. With code becoming abundant, experience becomes the real differentiator. You may have noticed that over the past year we’ve heavily invested in reinventing our UI: from relaunching workers.cloudflare.com to the many upgrades in the dashboard. We’re committed to continuing to improve the developer experience across all the surfaces you interact with, whether it's docs, API, CLI, agent experience, and beyond! Replicate's favorite AI models of 2025 ICYMI - Replicate, the best platform to run every new AI model, joined Cloudflare in November. Our joint mission: to make the most comprehensive selection of models, runnable on a fast, reliable, and affordable inference platform. Here are a few of their favorites from '25: Favorite Image model: Flux 2 [pro] | Solid choice for text rendering, photorealism, character consistency, and multi-reference image generation. Favorite Image editing model: Nano Banana Pro | Read our post about how to prompt Nano Banana Pro here. Favorite Video model: Kling 2.6 | Kling v2.6 is a top-tier image-to-video with cinematic visuals, fluid motion, and native audio generation. It is definitely our choice for rendering accurate and complex physics. Favorite TTS model: chatterbox-turbo | Incredibly fast text-to-speech with paralinguistic capability (speech output can chuckle, sigh, cough, laugh, etc.) Favorite Open Source Org to follow: PrunaAI | Replicate has worked closely with PrunaAI this year to optimize many of the open source models on our platform. The team is a beast at providing lighting fast inference while preserving model quality. Our favorite community builds From agents to APIs, developers keep building and shipping incredible apps with Cloudflare primitives. The team at Ramp used the Agents SDK + Durable Objects to help build Inspect, a background coding agent that wrote "30% of merged frontend + backend PRs in the past week". More great apps built with Cloudflare: AgentHub | Run agents in the cloud with storage, schedules, multi-agent communication and no infra headaches, developed by Caise P. Weft | Personal project board with agents connected to Gmail, Docs, GitHub, or any MCP server, developed by Phillip Jones Who to Bother At | Find the right people to reach out to at your favorite tech companies, developed by Aryan Chaurasia API Clinic | Minimal free API Client for testing and developing APIs built entirely on Cloudflare workers, developed by Mushtaq Ahmed mulroy.dev registry | shadcn registry for reusable TypeScript utilities, developed by Dillon Mulroy Localflare | OpenSource dashboard for local Cloudflare development, developed by Rohan Prasad Counterscale | Simple web analytics tracker and dashboard that you self-host on Cloudflare, developed by Ben Vinegar npmdiff | See exactly what changed between package versions. Instantly diff any two versions of any npm package, developed by James Ross Upcoming developer events January 22 (Online - Workshop) Secure Vibe Coding and Sandboxing for Developers January 25 (Austin, TX - Conf) Data Day February 1-4 (Doha, Qatar - Conf) Web Summit Qatar February 4 (Online - Workshop) Enhancing Your React App with AI without Rewriting It February 11 (Toronto, Canada - Workshop) MCP Builder Workshop February 13-15 (Palo Alto, CA - Hackathon) Stanford Tree Hacks February 16-20 (New Delhi - Conf) AI Impact Summit February 26-27 (Online - Summit) AI Coding Summit More recent ships Custom container instance types now available for all users [link] Agents SDK v0.3.0, workers-ai-provider v3.0.0, and ai-gateway-provider v3.0.0 with AI SDK v6 support [link] Terraform v5.15.0 now available [link] Static prerendering support for TanStack Start [link] R2 Data Catalog now supports automatic snapshot expiration [link] Workers for Platforms - Dashboard Improvements [link] Configure your framework for Cloudflare automatically [link] New Best Practices guide for Durable Objects [link] Connect to remote databases during local development with wrangler dev [link] -- Thanks for keeping up with everything we're shipping. If there are ideas you have on either features or products you need to be successful on our platform, or ways to improve the overall experience, join the Discord and let me and my team know! Go build cool stuff! Rita Kozlov VP, Product Start Building Login Join the Discord Copyright © 2026 Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107 cloudflare.com | Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe