MIME-Version: 1.0
From: Soham Ganatra <soham.g@composio.dev>
To: emil.skogsund@gmail.com
Date: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 18:15:39 +0000
Subject: Welcome to Composio 👋
Message-ID: <fe397a7f-54cad60a-1737742539-72116-2370724@outbound.intercom.composio.dev>
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----WSA6azjqrXMklQJyEUnnYw===_2B/7B-28328-BC8D3976"

[Image "composioPurpleLogo.png"] Hey there! 👋 
 Welcome to Composio, the integration platform for AI agents! ​ 
 We're so excited to have you join our growing community—it's always feels great to welcome someone new. While you are here, let me give you a quick tour of Composio and what we're all about. 
 What are we building? 🚀 
 At Composio, we believe AI agents are the next big thing! But we also know that building agents for production can be tricky. Our mission is to make the process smooth, efficient, and, dare we say, enjoyable. ​ 
 We take care of the complex Auth flows (OAuth, ApiKey, etc.) for all the apps, enabling your agents to interact with them via function calling—so you can focus on building features that truly matter.Go to Docs → 
 We are so happy you signed up! 🎉 
 So, feel free to reach out if you ever need help, want to share your thoughts, or just want to say hi. Here's where you can find us:📅 Book a call 💬 Join Discord ✉️ Reply to this email 
 Our entire team is here to ensure your journey is as smooth as possible. 
 Happy building! 🚀 Soham Co-founder, Composio 
 You're receiving this email because you signed up for Composio. you can cancel your subscription here.